2010–11 Dallas Mavericks season: The 2010–11 Dallas Mavericks season was the 31st season of the franchise in the National Basketball Association (NBA).  The Mavericks won the NBA Championship after defeating the Miami Heat in 6 games in the 2011 NBA Finals.  The Mavs playoff run came with a 6-game first round series against the Portland Trail Blazers, a series in which the Mavericks blew a 23-point lead in Game 4, but still won the series.  In the conference semi-finals, the Mavericks run was motivated with a sweep of the champions of the previous two seasons, the Los Angeles Lakers.  The series against the Lakers also became the birth of the Mavericks Royal Blue-Out games in the AAC, with almost all fans wearing T-shirts that read "The Time is Now".  In the Western Conference Finals against the Oklahoma City Thunder, the Mavericks won the last 3 games winning by 4th quarter comebacks, to win their second Western Conference Championship, and a trip to the NBA Finals for the first time since 2006, with a rematch against the Heat.  Following a disappointing Game 1, the Mavericks pulled the biggest comeback in NBA Finals history in Game 2 to even the series at 1 game each.  After a loss in Game 3, the Mavericks won the last two games in Dallas to take a 3–2 series lead heading to Game 6 in Miami.  The Mavericks won their first NBA Championship in Game 6 to clinch the first major sports championship in the Dallas-Fort Worth area since the Dallas Stars in 1999, and the first title in Mavericks franchise history.  The Mavericks are the third team to win an NBA title in the state of Texas, joining the Houston Rockets and San Antonio Spurs.  The Mavericks are also the third team to win a major sports championship in the Dallas-Fort Worth area, joining the Dallas Cowboys' five Super Bowl titles and the Dallas Stars' only Stanley Cup, leaving the Texas Rangers as the only team to not win a major sports title in the area, as they have not won the World Series.  The Mavericks championship parade was held on June 16, 2011 in downtown Dallas.