Accentor-class minesweeper: In World War II, the United States Navy needed a vessel that could consistently locate mines in [foreign or domestic?]  or littoral waters.  Littoral waters are found between the shore line and waters 60 meters deep.  The Accentor-class minesweeper (sometimes called the Accentor/Acme-class minesweeper) was developed for this task.  This class of minesweeper was named after the Accentor bird, Prunella modularis.  This bird is endemic to Europe, Asia, and North Africa which is the area that World War II occurred.  The bird is a drab brown and gray color and is in the same family as warblers and thrushes.  The Accentor-class mine sweeper was designed for the sweeping of mines in harbors, bays, and other littoral waters.  The Accentor-class minesweeper had a wooden hull for three reasons.  The first was that some of the mines that the Accentor-class minesweeper was trying to detect were detonated by a copper wire coming out of the top of the mine that is used to detect the magnetic field that is produced by the metal hulls of most ships; when the wire senses a magnetic field, it detonates the mine.  Minesweepers use wooden hulls because wood is a non-magnetic material, unlike steel, and would not set off this type of mine.  The second is that wooden hulls were lighter than metal hulls.  This caused them to float higher in the water, which made them displace less water and have a smaller pressure wave, so pressure mines would not be set off by the movement of the ship.  Lastly, due to the ship floating higher in the water, contact mines were not effective because they were often around 20 feet below the surface of the water, and the draft of this class of ship was between 8 feet 11 inches and 10 feet 8 inches.  Typically, the Accentor-class minesweepers were armed with a pair of .50 caliber machine guns for protection.  Rather than creating new minesweeping vessels, forty-five wooden-hulled fishing boats were converted into Accentor-class minesweepers.  This saved the Navy both time and money.  Since these converted fishing boats were not all the same, their specifications do vary a bit.  The converted fishing boats had a displacement from 165 to 270 tons of water.  They had speeds from 8.5 up to 14 knots and crews from as small as 15 up to 50.