Ahmad Khan Daryabeigi: Ahmad Khan Daryabeigi (Persian: احمد خان دریابیگی‎ ‎ ) graduated from Dar ul-Funun school with degrees in engineering and military studies.  His research in 1887 provided the landscape for official Iranian claims to its three island (Greater and Lesser Tunbs and Abu Musa).  During Naser al-Din Shah Qajar, he became the first Iranian captain of the Persepolis Battleship in Bushehr which recently Iran had purchased from Germany and designed the first Iranian Navy uniform and later became the Lord Admiral (Maritime Frontier-Keeper)of the Persian Gulf.  In 1893, about 22 years before the First World War, he became the Governor of Bushehr and Southern Ports and Ommanat.  In March 1899, he conquered Port of Lingeh (Bandar Lengeh) and returned to Iran’s sovereignty.  In 1900, he established “Madreseye Sa'adat”, the first modern school thorough the South and Persian Gulf.  He translated "The Decameron" ( from Giovanni Boccaccio) and Nouvelli (from Augustin Eugène Scribe) between 1903-1904 from French before the Persian Constitutional Revolution of 1906.  During constitutional revolution, he was cooperating with people such as Sardar As'ad Bakhtiari (Ali-Qoli Khan Bakhtiari), but he was against “Seyed Morteza Ahrami” (Alamal-Hoda) and “Seyed Abdolhossein Lari” and in one period he faced the wrath of “Ayatollah Kazem Khoarasani.”  "Anjomane Nesvan" (“Female Forum”) which was held in his paternal (Mohammad Khan) and his brother (Mohammad Hosseine Khan) home, both Chief Secretaries ("Nazem Darbar") of Qajar Kings (from Naser al-Din Shah to Ahmad Shah) had become the problem of traditionalists.  He was discharged in January 1907 after Mohammad Ali Shah Qajar came to power, but was restated in August 1907.  He settled disputes with British in Sistan and Baluchestan Province during 1907-1908.  He held the governorship of Bushehr and Southern Ports and Ommanat in several periods until a short time after the First World War.  His last tenure was ended in 1921 shortly after the "coup d'état" of February 1921 and after Ahmad Shah Qajar’s return from Europe and passing through Bushehr.  He died in August 30, 1923.