Arabs in India: A small but recognizable people with Arab origins have over time settled in the India.  Genealogically they are grouped as "Indo-Arabs" or "Indians with Arab ancestry".  Those who arrived in Kerala and Gujarat for trading goods were later recruited to the army.  Most Arabs were traders, and businessmen who sold or traded silk, diamonds and other valuables resulting in wealthy business men.  The city of Surat and villages within the city are known for Arab settlements.  Variav and Randev are the few villages that Arabs started their lives in.  In Hyderabad, Chaush are Arab community of Hadhrami descent whose ancestors were recruited as soldier by Nizam of Hyderabad.  In coastal Karnataka, Iraqis arrived during the reign of Tipu Sultan.  They claim their ancestry from Banu Assad.  These population migrations may have been favored by both the Nizam of Hyderabad and Tipu Sultan of Mysore because both had their ancestral linkages to these populations.The Asaf Jahi Dynasty claimed Arab ancestry from Asir Province and Tipu Sultan from the Bani Hashim of Hijaz Province in Arabia.  Many Arabs having Adnani ancestry such as Quraishi, Ansari, Sayyid tribes and other descendants of the Sahaba were employed by the Princely States in their military as they were found efficient during warfare.  In Kerala, Syed Thangals of Hadhrami descent settled around 17th century as missionaries to propagate Islam.  There are also Shia Sayyids in Northern region of country who claim descent from Wasit, Iraq like Zaidis although many Arab genealogists dispute this fact.  Sunni Sayyid of the country also claim Arab descent from Sufi missionaries.  Most of the Sufis migrated from Persia.  Sunni Sayyids claim their Arab ancestry through Imam Hassan or Imam Hussain in which case their names may be Hassani, Hussaini or Hashmi.  Some also claim descent from both and are termed ""Najeeb AlTarfayn"" or "Noble on both sides".  Many Sufi Saints such as Abdul-Qadir Gilani and Moinuddin Chishti and their descendants claim themselves as "Najeeb AlTarfayn" although many genealogists dispute this fact.  Sunni Sheikhs also claim Arab descent from Sufis or migrants.  They don't know their tribe but trace lineage from Umar - Farooqi, Abu Bakr- Siddiqui, Uthman - Usmani and Ali - Alawi or Mir, who established the Rashidun Caliphate.  Many who can vaguely trace their lineage to the Quraish tribe call themselves QuraishiMany having the name Ansari claim their lineage to the Ansar tribes of Madina Munawwara and the companions of the Prophet Muhammad such as Abu Ayyub al-Ansari.  Many of the present Sheikhs converted from Hindu castes such as Kayasth and Rajput.