Branko Tomović: Branko Tomović (Serbian Cyrillic: "Бранко Томовић"; born June 17, 1980) is a German-Serbian actor.  He was born in Münster, Germany, though his actual origin is from the Carpathians in Serbia.  His parents emigrated in the '70s from the Golubac Fortress area on the Danube and Branko was raised between Germany and Serbia before he studied acting at the prestigious Lee Strasberg Theatre Institute in New York City.  Tomović was first seen on the big screen in the lead role in the American Film Institute/Sundance drama "Remote Control", for which he received the OmU-Award at the Potsdam Film Festival.  Currently settled in London, with his dark, brooding looks he has appeared in striking roles on British Television.  He played the creepy main suspect Antoni Pricha, the Morgue Man, in Jack the Ripper thriller "Whitechapel", the pyromaniac Junky-Henchman Marek Lisowski in the final episodes of "A Touch of Frost" and Polish fighter pilot Miroslaw Feric in the World War II drama "The Untold Battle of Britain".  Tomovic has worked with internationally respected film directors as Ken Loach, Sönke Wortmann and Paul Greengrass.  He was named "One to Watch" by "Moviescope Magazine" in 2008 and recent film credits include The Bourne Ultimatum opposite Matt Damon (Dir.  Paul Greengrass), It's a Free World... (Dir.  Ken Loach), "The Wolf Man" (Dir.  Joe Johnston), "Pope Joan" (Dir.  Sönke Wortmann) and "Interview with a Hitman" (Dir.  Perry Bhandal).  In 2010, he won the 'Best Actor' Award at the San Francisco Short Film Festival and at The Accolade Film Awards for his performance as a Serbian soldier who is tormented by grief and guilt after being a witness of war crimes in the drama Inbetween.  He also stars opposite Debbie Harry in Jimmy Cauty's Road movie Believe the Magic and Steve Stone's ghost thriller Entity with Dervla Kirwan and Charlotte Riley.  Entity won two awards at the London Independent Film Festival 2013 and Best Film at the British Horror Film Festival where Branko was also nominated for Best Actor.  The British Filmmakers Alliance honoured him as Best International Actor for his role and he was also chosen as a Rising Star by Icon Magazine.  He is set to play the title character of Nikola Tesla in the upcoming bio-pic Tesla.  In 2014, he played Jack Bauer's right-hand man, the mysterious and dangerous Belcheck, next to Kiefer Sutherland in 24: Live Another Day.  He was also seen opposite Brad Pitt and Logan Lerman in David Ayer's WWII drama Fury.