British Marine Art (Romantic Era): Marine art was especially popular in Britain during the Romantic Era, and taken up readily by British artists in part because of England's geographical form (an island).  This article deals with marine art as a specialized genre practised by artists who did little or nothing else, and does not cover the marine works of the leading painters of the period, such as, and above all, J.M.W. Turner.  The tradition of British marine art as a specialized genre with a strong emphasis on the shipping depicted began in large part with the artists Willem Van de Velde the Elder and his son, called the Younger in the early 18th century.  The Van Veldes, originally from Holland, moved to England to work for King Charles II).  By the 17th century, marine art was commissioned mostly by merchant seamen and naval officers and created by marine art specialists (rather than artists in general).  In part, marine art served as a visual portrayal of Britain's power on the sea and as a way of historically documenting battles and the like.  As British sea captains began to recognize the ability of marine artists to bring Britain's success on the sea to the public on land, some took on an active role in supporting this type of artwork.  For example, marine artist Robert Cleveley was hired Captain William Locker to work in HMS Thames as a clerk, and Captain Locker, interested in employing artists, is believed to have played a significant role in encouraging Cleveley to work as a marine painter.  Captains would act as marine artists' patrons, commissioning them to paint portraits of themselves and pictures depicting important battles.  A few significant marine artists who were supported in this way by naval officers are (among others) Nicholas Pocock, Thomas Luny, and George Chambers.  William Hodges, for example, who was trained to draw at William Shipley's Academy (studying under Richard Wilson), was hired by the Admiralty to finish his pictures from Cook's 1772 voyage for publication upon reaching home in 1775.  Captains also commissioned artists to paint portraits of their ships.