Charleston Community Unit School District 1: Charleston Community Unit School District 1 is a unified school district based in Charleston, the county seat of Coles County, Illinois; it was created through the consolidation of the charter school district it was formed from and over sixty-seven other school districts in the area.  Charleston Community Unit School District 1 is a conglomerate of six schools, with all but one located in Charleston itself: four elementary schools, one middle school, and one high school form the makeup of the district.  Education begins at a prekindergarten level, and those living in the Charleston area attend Mark Twain Elementary School, which prepares early youth for schooling by taking them through prekindergarten and kindergarten under the supervision of principal Terry Diss.  Students who live in the far east reaches of Coles County may attend Ashmore Elementary School, which is based in a northeasterly village by the same name; Ashmore's distance from the other schools permits it to educate a larger range of students for the sake of efficiency.  The school educates students from kindergarten through grade four, and also runs a prekindergarten program.  Ashmore is also governed by Terry Diss.  Students who graduate from Mark Twain move onwards to Carl Sandburg Elementary School, which educates those in grades one, two, and three under principal Chad Burgett.  At Jefferson Elementary School in Charleston, the student bodies from both Carl Sandburg Elementary School and Ashmore Elementary School are consolidated.  Students from grades four through six are taught in the facility under the supervision of principal Deborah Poffinbarger.  District students graduating from Jefferson are moved to Charleston Middle School, where they are taught as seventh and eighth graders; the school principal here is Sandy Wilson.  The last branch of education that Charleston's school district can provide is the education of adolescents in the grades nine through twelve at Charleston High School, which is run by principal Trevor Doughty.  The superintendent of the schools in the district as of the 2007-08 school year was Dr. William Hill, although is considered as an interim;lastly, the mascots of the district and its middle and high schools are the Trojans, while the mascot of Jefferson Elementary School is the bulldog.