Cho Oh-hyun: Seorak Musan Cho Oh Hyun (Hangul: 조오현) (born in 1932 in Miryang in South Gyeongsang Province of South Korea) has lived in the mountains since he became a novice monk at the age of seven.  Over the years he has written over a hundred poems, including many in sijo form.  In 2007 he received the Cheong Chi-yong Literary Award for his book Distant Holy Man.  He is Josil of Kibon Seonwon (Spiritual Master of Fundamental Seon Mediation Center) of Jogye Order of the Korean Buddhism at Baekdamsa Monastery and famous for his Poetry of Delusion.  He founded Manhae Foundation and Manhae Prize in Korea.  He started his Seon Poetry career in 1966.  Soon in 1977, he became the abbot of Sinheungsa Temple which is the 3rd Diocese of Jogye Order of the Korean Buddhism.  His Books of Seon Poetry, Ten Ox-Herding was published in 1978, The Seon Anthology of Manak Gathas was published in 2002, A Remote Holy Man was published in 2007.  Many authors have written on Seorak Musan Cho Oh Hyun.  He became Josil of Kibon Seonwon (Spiritual Master of Fundamental Seon Mediation Center) of Jogye Order of the Korean Buddhism at Baekdamsa Monastery on 14 March 2014.  He is renowned not only in South Korea but also in European and Asian countries like Germany, India, Sri Lanka, etc. for his poetry.  He is also a painter.  Lee (2011) described the Wisdom of the Social Awakening emerged in the Gathas of Searching the Bulls : centering on Musan Cho Oh-Hyun’s Gathas of Ten Ox Herding.  He further elaborate that Seorak Musan Cho Oh-Hyun wrote Musan's Ten Ox Herding gathas as the process of his practice through Seon poems.  He concluded that ox-herding story of Seorak Musan Cho Oh Hyun leads people to peaceful shelter to stop agony and awake the reality of the world truly.  Ox-herding practice can be an alternative for awakening society.  Lee (2013) discussed Musan Cho Oh Hyun and Ethics Education.  He revealed that Musan Cho Oh Hyun’s approach to ethics education is humanistic.  His teachings import the carriage of leading a life worthy of a human being.  While embodying the transcendental ethics of Seon Buddhism, Musan teaches that in order to lead a truly human life, it is paramount for all mortals to respect the collective rules of communities.  In his exposition of the Buddhist ethics, Musan shows a supple understanding that goes beyond Sila and Vinaya, the rules of daily Buddhist lives.