Convention on the Rights of Older Persons: The proposed Convention on the Rights of Older Persons is regarded as the next major United Nations human rights treaty.  The proposed treaty will seek to remedy the fragmented human rights structure for older persons, and will focus on reaffirming critical human rights which are of concern to the elderly.  The focus of the treaty will be persons over 60 years of age, which is a growing demographic worldwide due to increased population ageing.  The treaty follows from the success of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child which has seen near universal acceptance since 1989.  Where the UNCRC focuses on the rights of younger persons, the UNCROP will address those who form the older portion of society, who according to United Nations reports, are becoming increasingly vulnerable as a group without applicable normative standards of Human Rights Law.  Support for a Convention is becoming increasingly popular, as human rights groups including the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR), HelpAge International, the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, the International Labour Organization, and many other NGOs and states have expressed support for a universal instrument.  The need for a treaty has arisen due to issues surrounding demographic changes from population ageing.  This has led to significant interest in how to best ensure the well being of older persons.  Among the rights issues faced by older persons are their rights against ageist discrimination, and the rights to participation.  The debate surrounding the convention focuses on the implementation and safeguarding of these rights, to set normative standards of human rights for older persons.  One substantive issue is the conception of elder abuse as between individuals.  Individual relationships generally fall outside of current human rights law, which seeks to present standards of relations between states and individuals.  Therefore, it has been suggested that the proposed human rights convention for older persons ought to be drafted as an anti-discrimination convention.  However, This would not be consistent with other multilateral human rights conventions such as the ICCPR and ICESCR which set normative standards.