Faculty of Biotechnical Sciences: The Faculty of Biotechnical Sciences is a public state higher education research institution in the area of biotechnical sciences.  The main task of this institution is to enable the graduated students with knowledge and skills for individual managing of small family business in the area of biotechnology.  This Faculty is the only one of its kind in the country and has characteristic study programs.  Starting for the year 1999/2000 by virtue of the Decision of the Ministry of Education (ref.  12-2920/2-1999), the Higher Agricultural School had grown into a Faculty of Biotechnical Sciences.  Within the ten years of functioning, the Faculty has educated many engineers (bachelor) and masters who are included in the food production industry.  Formally, the Faculty of Biotechnical Sciences is a higher level of the Higher Agricultural School dating back from 1960.  The launching of such higher educational institution signified filling a gap of many decades in the higher education system of biotechnical sciences and educating staff for the food production capacities.  The higher education activities of the Faculty of Biotechnical Sciences are organized on different levels of higher education: graduate studies, postgraduate studies and acquiring level of doctor of science, as well as many fundamental, developmental and applicative researches, conducting complex research projects of wider interest for the environment, courses, seminars, workshop for the staff and the students.  The graduate studies of the three study programs (animal food processing, management in bio-technique and farm production) are realized in accordance with the ECTS system and adjustment of the study programs with the legal regulations.  The teaching activities of these study programs are organized in eight semesters (four years) for the first two and six semesters (three years) for the last study program.  Teaching is realized as: lectures, tutorials – seminars, seminar papers and obligative practical training.  Postgraduate studies are realized as: lectures, exams and other form of teaching activities.  After preparation and defending of the master thesis, the postgraduate students acquire the title of Master of Biotechnical Sciences.  The title Doctor of Biotechnical Sciences is acquired after completing doctoral studies and defending doctoral dissertation or only by defending the doctoral dissertation.