Gioconda Vessichelli: Gioconda Vessichelli (born in Rome, Italy) is an opera singer.  Gioconda is the inventor and pioneer of BollywoOPERA style.  She has sung in the Bollywood movie "Prague "in 2013, and she has given her voice for the Bollywood movie "Mary Kom" on the song "Ziddi dil" together with Vishal Dadlani.On 19th May 2017 her song "Itni si baat hai" has been released by the label T-series.  On 20 December 2014 the song "Thodi Daaru" was released featuring Mika Singh.  Gioconda has done live performances as first fusion ever between opera and classical Hindi music with artists of the caliber of Grammy Award winner Sukhwinder Singh, Hari Haran, Gino Banks, Niladri Kumar, Silvaganesha, in festivals and auditoriums like Nehru Centre[20] in Mumbai.  She collaborates with Anup Jalota, and many others.  On 31 March 2016 her international video "We are one" in which she sings and acts together with Anup Jalota for peace in the world has been launched from the Minister of India in Delhi.  She is in the annual book of Italian opera singer for having sung in the first world edition of contemporary opera at "Teatro comunale di Modena", broadcast on Italian state radio RAI.  Gioconda is the first singer in the premiere world ever of the contemporary opera “Lavinia fuggita” by Matteo d’Amico.  She has two degrees in opera singing and musicology from Italian conservatory "Santa Cecilia" and international high school of opera "H.Wolf".  The tenor Luciano Pavarotti has been her teacher, among other opera singers who selected her as one of the best students.  She was selected as best singer at accademia rossiniana in Pesaro and she debuts the role of "Madama cortese" in "il viaggio a Reims" by Rossini with the symphonic orchestra of Rof at Rossini theatre in Pesaro.  She sings again in a Rossini opera at Ercolano international opera season in "Il barbiere di Siviglia" and at teatro Politeama opera season in Lecce.  After Rossini she debuts "Carmen" by Bizet.  Her interpretation of the role "Mimì" in the opera "La Boheme" by Puccini received positive critiques.