Gonzales–Rosewall rivalry: American tennis player Pancho Gonzales had a long-running rivalry with Australian Ken Rosewall.  Gonzales is still sometimes considered to be a candidate for the greatest tennis player of all time; he was the dominant player of the 1950s and still holds the men's all-time record of being ranked world No. 1 for eight years.  Rosewall became the world's best player upon Gonzales's semi-retirement in 1961 and held that position either by himself or sharing it with others for six years.  Rosewall was signed in 1956 by the promoter Jack Kramer, a former #1 player himself, to join his small band of touring professionals in 1957.  He then engaged in a round-the-world, head-to-head tour against Gonzales, the defending world's champion, over the next five months, winning 26 matches but losing 50.  In his 1979 autobiography Kramer included both Gonzales and Rosewall in his list of the 21 greatest players of all time.  Kramer, however, initially "panicked" upon signing Rosewall.He was a cute little fellow with a dink serve, who operated mostly from the baseline.  That great volley of his hadn't been developed yet.  I was afraid that Gorgo would eat him alive and put us out of business the rest of the way.  But like a lot of people I completely underestimated Rosewall.  Before their opening match in Melbourne, Kramer went to Gonzales and asked him to "carry" Rosewall, giving him a better share of the gate to gain his assent.  Gonzales did try to carry out his part of the deal for a few matches, but then called it off, telling Kramer that he was no longer able to play his normal game.  Kramer agreed.  "It was... obvious that Rosewall was not the pushover I had feared.  (In fact, Gonzales only beat him 50–26, and it was always competitive.)"  Six years older than Rosewall, 13 years later, in 1970, Gonzales defeated him in 6–4, 6–4, in the 199th and next-to-last match they ever played—Gonzales was 42 years old at the time and Rosewall was considered to be the co-No.  1 player in the world.