Graham Schweig: Graham M. Schweig (born August 2nd, 1953 in Manhattan, New York) is Professor of Religion and , Director of Studies in Religion, and former inaugural Director of the Asian Studies program at Christopher Newport University.  He is also Distinguished Teaching and Research Fellow at The Mira and Ajay Shingal Center for Dharma Studies of the Graduate Theological Union in Berkeley.  Schweig did his graduate studies at the University of Chicago and Harvard University and earned his doctorate in Comparative Religion from Harvard University and was a resident fellow of the Center for the Study of World Religions at Harvard.  Schweig was Lecturer at Duke University and later Visiting Associate Professor of Sanskrit at the University of Virginia.  Since 2007, Schweig has presented over three dozen invited lectures in his field at the the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, DC.Schweig is an "experienced registered yoga teacher at the 500 hour level (ERYT-500 as well as YACEP)" with Yoga Alliance, and he has held numerous teacher training workshops in the areas of yoga philosophy, history of yoga, Sanskrit for yoga teachers, and advanced trainings in meditation for teachers of yoga.  He has over one hundred publications, such as journal articles, encyclopedia articles, reviews, book chapters, along with several books in the field.  His book, "Dance of Divine Love: India's Classic Sacred Love Story: The Rasa Lila of Krishna" (Princeton University Press, 2005) presents an introduction to, comprehensive treatment and translation of the Bhagavata Purana's five chapters on the Rasa Dance of Krishna with the cowherd maidens of Vraja.  Another of his works is an introduction to, translation and interpretation of the Bhagavad-gita, entitled "Bhagavad Gita: The Beloved Lord's Secret Love Song" (Harper One / Harper Collins Publishers, 2010).  His most recent work is "A Living Theology of Krishna Bhakti: Essential Teachings of A. C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupāda", by Tamal Krishna Goswami, edited with an introduction and conclusion by Graham M. Schweig (Oxford University Press, New York, 2012).