Greg White (basketball): Greg White (born 1959 in Mullens, West Virginia) is an American basketball coach best known, as the head coach at Marshall University and assistant coach for the UCLA Bruins.  He is also a well known motivational speaker on the speakers circuit in both the university and business world.  He has spoken to major corporations such as Mercedes, BMW, Subway, State Farm, Chevrolet, AT&T, Timken and Nisource to name a few.  On the college speakers circuit he has spoken at University of Alabama, Ohio State University, University of Kentucky, UCLA, Kansas State University, University of South Carolina, University of Louisville, Wake Forest University, University of Tennessee, University of Maryland, Iowa State University, Catholic University of America and University of Denver to name a few.  He graduated from the (now closed) Mullens High School in Mullens, WV and went on to play at NCAA Division I Marshall University, where he is a member of the school's Hall of Fame.  He was a record setting point guard, starting 113 consecutive games from 1977-81 and still holds numerous records at Marshall.  His legendary ball handling skills are world famous as he has traveled the globe performing as motivational speaker, exhibitionist and clinician.  His 115 wins as Marshall's head coach rank him as the 3rd winningest coach in Marshall Basketball history (29 coaches).  His teams amazed a 87-17 home record in Marshall's Cam Henderson Center.  Additionally, his teams at Marshall had a record setting 27 game home win streak and were 34-3 in home games against non conference teams beating foes like Wake Forest University, University of Georgia, University of Detroit and The University of Massachusetts.  In 2002, Greg's Marshall team lead all Division I basketball teams in 3 point field goal shooting percentage at 44% and he had 18 all conference players during his time as Marshall's head coach.  He had one player, Keith Veney, who hit 15 3's in a game which still stands as an NCAA record.  He has written several books with his most popular book being "The Winning Edge", a book about the importance of goal setting and time management.  In 2016, he published "Success: Attitude is Everything," a book focused on having a great attitude and strong mindset.  His basketball camps are the largest sports camps in the history of West Virginia at Marshall University and the University of Charleston attracting over 1000 per summer at their peak.