Hasan Sohaib Murad: Hasan Sohaib Murad (born October 22, 1959) is a scholar of organization and management.  He has played a leading role in organizing a joint platform of all business schools in Pakistan as founding chairman of Association Management of Development Institutions of Pakistan (AMDIP) from 2002 to 2006.  AMDIP is a constituent body of Association of Management Development Institutions of South Asia (AMDISA), a SAARC body based in Hyderabad, India.  Murad is a member of the Executive Board of AMDISA.  He has been part of the group formed to develop South Asian Quality Assurance System.  He has also been member of the executive board of Asia Academy of Management, Hong Kong, an offshoot of Academy of Management, USA.  Murad was founding secretary general of International Business Forum, a global networking platform of management and business professionals having headquarters in Istanbul, Turkey.  He has been pioneering member of the core group constituted for Globally Responsible Leadership Initiative organized under European Foundation of Management, Brussels, in collaboration with Global Compact of United Nations.  He is member of the Senate of University of Veterinary and Agricultural Sciences.  He was dean of the Institute of Leadership and management from 1995 to 2000 and is currently serving as rector of the University of Management and Technology, Lahore.  He earned a bachelor's degree in civil engineering from NED University, Karachi, an MBA from Washington State University, and PhD from University of Wales, UK.  He was the director general of Institute of Leadership and Management from 1992 to 1999.  He is the founder member of board of Tricast media, an international mobile software technology enterprise, founder member of Board of ILM Trust since its inception in 1990, chairman of ILM Colleges and The Knowledge School network.  Murad was recently appointed as the chairman of National Business Education Accreditation-council (NBEAC) legislature of Higher Education Commission (HEC) Government of Pakistan.