Hillside Home School I: In March of 1887, Frank Lloyd Wright, having newly moved to Chicago to try to become an architect, received a letter from his aunt Ellen C. Lloyd Jones asking him to perhaps design a building for the school that she planned with her sister, Jane ("Jenny").  Biographer Meryle Secrest wrote about the letter from "Aunt 'Nell'" to Wright in her biography on the architect: The letter contains detailed instructions about floor plans... She added that some of her friends were contributing their architectural notions.  The nephew seems to have cut them all out fast.  His resulting designs were evidently derived from those of [Joseph Lyman] Silsbee [his then-employer], and one of his authorized biographies more or less acknowledges that this architect played the largest role.  Wright dismissed his first attempt as "amateurish."  Nell Lloyd Jones asked her nephew to design this structure because she and Jenny were planning on beginning the Hillside Home School on land left to them by their father, in the town of Wyoming, Wisconsin (south of the town of Spring Green).  This building, which became known as the "Home Building", was the first one designed specifically by Wright for the school, a coeducational day and boarding school which functioned until 1915.  Silsbee had introduced the young Wright to the "Shingle Style mixture of Queen Anne and Colonial elements."  In 1907, Spring Green's newspaper, the "Weekly Home News", ran an article focused on the Hillside Home School institution, then in its twentieth year.  In the section about the home building, the article stated that it:[C]ontains the parlors, in one of which there is a beautiful carved fireplace which at once attracts the attention of the visitor….  This building also contains the dining rooms, living rooms and kitchens, which are all modern and well-equipped.  Besides these are twenty-two rooms which are occupied by the girls and some of the teachers.  They are all large, well ventilated and sunny.  The architecture of this building is English.The Home Building was the first of three structures that Wright would design for the Hillside Home School.  In addition to the 1887 design, he was commissioned to design the Romeo and Juliet Windmill in 1896 and the Hillside Home School in 1901 (often referred to as Hillside Home School II to differentiate it from the 1887 structure).