Hindu Jarrals in Jammu: The Jarral are a Hindu Rajput tribe of Jammu and Kashmir in India and Azad Kashmir and Punjab in Pakistan.  This Rajput tribe belongs to Chandravanshi (Lunar race) lineage.  Jarrals are Aryans.  They claim to be descendants of Pandavas of Mahabharata through prince Arjuna who was a brave hero of Mahabharata.  The grandson of Arjuna was Parikshit after his death his elder son Janamjaya became Maharaja of Hastinapur his younger.Generations passed with time.  During the years of Muslim invasions North India was strongly protected by the Tomara kings of Delhi.  The last Tomara king Anang pal II had 17 brothers all of them ruled their own states youngest of all was Rana Jira pal who ruled kalanaur . He was the younger brother of Rana Jhet pal the founder of Pathania Rajput clan and first ruler of Pratishtna (Nurpur).  Rana Jira pal started its own clan which came to be known as Jarral.  Jarral Rajput is a branch of Tomara Rajputs.In the year 1193 after defeat by Muslim King Shab-u-Din Ghori they lost Kalanaur.  Shab-u-Din invited the Jarral Raja to accept Islam and the Raja accepted Islam but many other Jarals did not accept Islam and moved to different parts such as Jammu, Punjab and Himachal Pradesh]].  After conversion the Muslim Jarral become an out caste.  The other Rajput rulers broke their relations with Muslim jarrals after which the Muslim jarrals became weak and moved to Rajauri district in Kashmir and defeated King Amna Pal the king of Rajauri.  After this the royal Dynasty of Muslim jarrals ruled over rajauri for 657 years.It The Hindu jarrals also moved to various places in Jammu region in Distt.  Doda ,Chak Jarralan in nowshera and across the rajouri and some places in jammu the main families of Hindu Jarral Rajput are found and the Muslim Jarrals are found in Azad Kashmir, Noweshra and Rajouri-poonch. But there are majority of Muslims in this caste.  In the Dogra rule the Battle Hardy Jarral Rajputs enjoyed fighting with Dogra and in the war between them Jarral Rajputs and Dogras the Jarrals defeated the Dogra badly.