Job Bishop: Bishop was born on September 29, 1760 in Stamford, Connecticut, United States.  In 1779, according to Shaker Elder Henry C. Blinn, Bishop became interested in a "religious revival", just around a decade before the beginning of the Second Great Awakening.  He later recorded an account of his experiences and conversion to Shakerism, writing:"I entered fully into the spirit of the work and received great light.  Although zealous prayers and religious exercises often had the effect to produce spiritual impressions, yet they were not permanent, and left me a subject to temptations.  We passed the winter exhorting each other to faithfulness, while we anxiously waited for the accomplishment of the prophetic spirit of the revival.In the spring of 1780 we learned of a people near the city of Albany, NY, who were reported to have received a singular kind of religion, and that they possessed a large degree of divine light and spiritual power.  Many went out to see them and returned fully persuaded that they were the true witnesses of God.  The work increased and I felt a great desire to satisfy myself concerning these strangers and their religion.In June, in company with several others, I made them a visit.  We arrived on Saturday evening and remained till Monday.  We attended their meetings.  The singing was inspiring, the speaking powerful and heart-searching.  The wisdom of their instruction, the purity of their doctrine, and the Christ-like simplicity of their deportment all reminded me of the apostolic faith.  I saw that the work was of God, and my salvation depended upon it.The cross that was before me was an evidence of the spirit of the testimony.  On the one hand, the prospects of the world were flattering to my mind.  I was in the prime of life and in the vigor of health.  My reputation was fair, and my hopes not unpromising.On the other hand, religion had been my pursuit.  The revival had raised my hopes and directed my faith to a greater and more glorious work.  I subsequently made another visit and was received with kindness.  I confessed my sins to God, and with a fixed resolution accepted the cross of Christ.  I was now taught to rectify every wrong that I had committed, to forsake all sin and to take up a daily cross. "  I also became better acquainted with Mother Ann and the Elders who were with her, and am a witness of the purity of life which they constantly maintained.  The doctrine they taught was strictly conformable to the precepts and example of Jesus Christ.  By obeying their instruction I experienced the truth of their testimony.  I was blessed with heavenly visions and felt my faith established on a sure foundation.I visited Mother Ann and the Elders many times at Watervliet, Harvard, Ashfield, Hancock, and New Lebanon, and freely associated with all the leading members of the Society.  To my great satisfaction I have seen that the principles which were first taught by Mother Ann have been faithfully kept by her successors."