Josh Holliday: Josh Holliday (born September 14, 1976) is an American college baseball coach and former professional player in Minor League Baseball.  Currently the head coach of the Oklahoma State Cowboys baseball team, he was hired to this position prior to the 2013 season.  In 2014, Holliday was the Big 12 Conference Baseball Coach of the Year as OSU claimed the conference regular season championship.  Hollidays' Cowboys pulled OSU a little Cowboy baseball tradition out of the fire and faced Oklahoma on the final weekend of 2017.  The team was in danger of missing out of the postseason for the 1st time in Hollidays tenure at Oklahoma State.  The Cowboys swept the instate rival Oklahoma Sooners (#2 seed going into region play) to claim the last and final spot as the 8th seed in the BigXII Championship.  The Cowboys went back to their traditionion and won just the 2nd Big 12 tournament in schools rich baseball history.  The Cowboys won 16 straight Big 8 tournaments before the formation of the Big12.  The Cowboys became the 1st eight seed (last seed) to win the conference championship and by doing so Holliday got his team in the NCAA postseason for the 5th time in his 5 years at the school.  The season was full of injuries from top to bottom Holliday and is associated Head Coach and current (2016) assistant coach of the year Rob Walton put together a pitching staff that was nothing short of magical.  The Cowboys luck would run out as the were sent to the Arkansas Regional and went 0-2 losing game one to Regional champions Missouri State Bears on a two out bottom of the 9th walk off HR.  Garrett Benge hit for the cycle for Hollidays Cowboys but it wasn't enough.  Garrett McCain would be named 1st team all-American the 25th in Cowboys history he would one of five current Cowboys drafted in 2017 preceded by 11 from the 2016 College World Series club.  Giving Holliday 16 in 2 years.  The Cowboys went on the end of the year run the had seen them lose six games in a row and face being the 1st Oklahoma State team to finish under .500 in 40 years.The Cowboys finished 30-27 on the year.  The 6-5 victory of the Texas Longhorns would be Hollidays' 200th victory as the head man of Oklahoma State.