Kal Naga: Kal Naga (also credited as Khaled Naga or Khaled Abol Naga) is a multi award-winning actor, film producer and director from Egypt (he directed theatre mostly and short films).  He is a movie star in the Arab World and the Middle East but also a familiar face internationally specially in European film festivals, where he has been honoured with a diverse range of awards as an actor and producer as well as a jury member in film festivals.  Since 2016 he focused on English speaking markets ["Tyrant" TV series season 3 (2016), American FX TV Network, "Vikings" season 5 (2017), History Channel and "The Last Post" TV mini series, UK's BBC TV].  His roles covered a multitude of genres, from musicals ["None but that!"  (2007)], action ["Agamista"(2007), "Eyes Of A Thief" (2014)], thrillers ["Kashf Hesab" (2007)], art-house ["Heliopolis" (2009), "Villa 69" (2013), "Decor" (2014)] and a slapstick comedy ["Habibi Naeman (Sleeping Habibi)" (2008)].  He played the lead in many award-winning films that gained him outstanding international critics acclaim as one of the finest actors in the world today out of the Arab region.  He studied and graduated (with highest honours) as a Tele-communication engineer' from Ain Shams University, studied theatre (as a minor) at the American University in Cairo, and worked on a spacecraft design program (UoSAT-5 ) in the UK.  He finally confirmed his passion and calling for the arts by the year 2000.  In a film festival in 2016 celebrating Arabic films submissions to the "Oscars," he was honoured for being the most submitted actor in Arabic films submissions to the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film ("The Oscars)".  He is often tagged in western media as "Egypt's "Brad Pitt" for his many career similarities with the latter, also described as "the next Omar Sharif" specially after his American debut movie "Civic Duty" in 2007.  He was also described as "Egypt's International treasure" for advocating for freedom and standing up against injustice in his home country Egypt.  He is one of the most recognisable faces of the 2011 revolution, seizing the anti-regime sentiment in the streets of Cairo and taking part in mass demonstrations that led to the removal of President Mubarak.  He faced defamation campaigns against him by the state owned and controlled media during Mubarak era before the January 25th 2011 revolution in Egypt, and once again from the 2013 "coup d'etat" General Sisi government in Egypt.  Nonetheless he continued his regional and international award-winning success, as well as waves of strong support on social media.  He also had a very celebrated and successful career across the Arab world TV networks as a TV & radio host in prime time shows from 1997 till 2005.  He is a human and child rights activist and has been Egypt's UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador 2007–2015.  He has worked across a diverse variety of media, including theatre, radio, television and film in Arabic, English and some French and Italian.