Khun Srun: Khun Srun / ឃុន ស្រ៊ុន (1945–1978) was an important Cambodian writer.  He was born in Char village, Roveang commune, Samrong district, Takéo province, into a poor Chinese Cambodian family.  When he was eight, his father, Khun Kim Chheng, a Chinese man who had fled Communism, died, and he and his six siblings were raised by his mother, Chi Eng, a small shopkeeper and a devout Buddhist.  He began his schooling during the country's first years of independence, when the doors to higher education and professionalization were inching open to all Cambodians, regardless of their social and economic class.  A brilliant student, he studied Khmer literature and psychology at the university in Phnom Penh, becoming widely read in the sciences, mathematics, and European literature.  Amid the turmoil of the 1960s, he worked as a professor of mathematics and a journalist while writing fiction and poetry.  He also worked as a member of the textbook editorial committee at the Ministry of Education.  In less than four years, he published three collections of poems, short tales, and philosophical anecdotes; two collections of autobiographical short stories, "The Last Residence" and "The Accused"; and a final volume of poems, "For a Woman".  He was influenced by both existentialism and Cambodian Buddhism.  In 1971, he was imprisoned during 7 months by the right-wing Lon Nol government for refusing to collaborate, but still refused to align himself with the extreme left.  In 1973, after being imprisoned for a second time, he finally joined the communist guerrillas.  He was only 28, and his life as a writer was finished.  After the Khmer Rouge took power, in 1975, Khun Srun (aka Phoeun - ភឿន) was assigned work as a railway engineer).  On the 20th of December 1978, he, his wife and their two youngest children were victims of the last purges.  They were arrested, transferred to Tuol Sleng prison and probably killed in Choeung Ek, few days before the end of Pol Pot's regime.  Only Khun Srun's nine-year-old daughter, Khun Khem, survived, taken by the Khmer Rouge and forced to live among them in the forest on the Cambodian-Thai border.