Kirill Zhandarov: Kirill Zhandarov was born 29 March 1983 in the town of Lomonosov (the Petrodvorets district of Leningrad) in the family, which has nothing to do with art.  In school he performed on stage the literary globe theatre.  In high school played for the school team of KVN, traveled with performances in many cities of Russia.  Relatives to his son's passion for theater was skeptical and tried to persuade Cyril to go to law, but in 2000 he enrolled at the St. Petersburg Academy of theatrical art (SPBGATI), from which he graduated in 2004, the rate of S. I. Parshin.  As a student, played on the stage of the educational theater on Mokhovaya.  In 2004-2005 he worked in the Moscow theater of Roman Viktyuk.  However, as he said in an interview in Moscow felt uncomfortable and in 2006 he returned to his hometown.  Began performing at the Bolshoi drama theater.  G. A. Tovstonogov.  Theatre work in the BDT them.  G. Tovstonogova: 2007 - "A Whim!"  (A. N. Ostrovsky, P. M. Nevezhin; dir.  R. G. Trostyanetsky) - Barkalov; 2007 - "the Night before Christmas" (N.In.  Gogol, dir.  N. N. Pinigin) - Lad; 2008 - "uncle's dream" (Dostoevsky, dir.  T. N. Chkheidze) - Mozglyakov; 2010 - "School of taxpayers" (p. Bernal, J. Burr; dir.  N. N. Pinigin) - Raymond Giroux.  While working in Moscow appeared the advertisement of chewing gum Stimorol - smile Cyril was broadcast across the country.  In the movie debuted in 2003 in the series of Director Dmitry svetozarova "Three colors of love", playing Sam's (Sergey Samohvalova).  The first success came in 2007 when he starred in the debut work of Director Anna GRES "Milkmaid of hatsapetovki".  In the series he played a major role - Dima Bulychev.  In the movie he sang the song, music and words which he wrote.  Next was work in the film "And still I love...", "Hope as evidence of life", "Night visitors", "Tomorrow begins today", "provincial", "Breathe with me", "Dostoevsky", "A4 Format" and many others.  Zhandarov is recognized that not all of the roles he played were in awe, often had to agree to just earn: "in my position, probably, do not choose: BDT me as the lead young actor was paid 12 thousand.  I safe place paid 17 thousand.  How to live? . ."  Initially the actor began to develop the role of hero-lover, but he managed to get away from him.  Beat a lot of villains and negative characters.  Gradually he has gained a lot of diverse roles.  "I went from the image of the hero-lover, imposed by the channels.  My filmography has become more distinguishing roles," says the actor.  "When I was playing villains.  At first I liked it, and then tired.  And I continued to offer such characters.  Tried a specific role.  But goodie for me was not particularly interesting," notes Zhandarov.  According to the actor, he wants to play a man who takes revenge: "it is not necessary to be a negative character, but they should move the feeling of revenge.  I'm interested in the psychology of the hero."