Konkomba people: The Konkomba people are a Gur ethnic group residing mainly in the Northern, Brong Ahafo, Volta, Eastern and Greater Accra Regions of Ghana.  Saboba, Chereponi and Nanumba Districts, Gushiegu and Karaga districts, Zabzugu and Tatale-Sanguli districts in the Northern Region and the Nkwanta North and South Districts in the Volta Region are a few examples of administrative districts where Bikpakpaam are seen in huge populations.  Other key towns of Bikpakpaam in Ghana are Atebubu, Kintampo, Techiman and Yeji in the Brong Ahafo Region.  According to the Act 280 of the Anatomy act of Ghana, the Konkomba people (known as Bikpakpaam) are the second largest ethnic group in the Northern Region of Ghana.  The 2010 census data indicates that Bikpakpaam in Ghana number 823,000 and applying the intercensal growth rate would give a population of more than one million now.  CIA The World Factbook reports in Demographics of Ghana that Konkomba people are the 8th largest Ethnic group in Ghana representing 3.5% of the Total population of Ghana.  Saboba (Chabob) in the Northern Region of Ghana is the capital town of all Bikpakpaam in Ghana.  Bikpakpaam are also found in the republic of Togo, a sister West African country to Ghana.  In Togo Bikpakpaam reside mainly in the Kara, Central and Plateaux Regions.  Guerin Kouka (a.k.a. Nanguem Do, the capital of Dankpen district) in the Kara Region is the capital town of Bikpakpaam in Togo.  Dankpen district is located in the north western corridor of Togo.  In Schwartz's (2005) account, Bikpakpaam number about 50,100 in Togo.  The 2011 census in Togo indicates however that the total population of Bikpakpaam in Dankpen district alone was 122,209.  Visit Konkomba language for more information.  Konkomba people speak Konkomba language a.k.a Likpakpaln.  The traditional dance of Konkomba people is Kinachunŋ (pronounced k-i-naa-chung).  All Konkomba settlements are led by a traditional chief called Ubor.  In Bikpakpaam dominant areas, the people have instituted or established their own chieftains who serve as overlords of the settlements.  For instance, the Saboba area has the Uchabob-bor as the overlord.  Bikpakpaam strongly believe in solidarity, determination and hard-work.  Until the turn of the 21st century, their primary occupation was farming and animal husbandry.  In occupational terms, Bikpakpaam are mainly subsistence farmers and rearers of animals such as poultry, small ruminants and cattle.  This, probably, explains their scattered settlement across the West African sub-region.  Indeed, Maasole intimates that Bikpakpaam have always been on the move, in search for fertile farmlands.  Most Konkombas are actively in education today and a recent research projects that Konkombas will become a dominant force in politics, health, education and the civil society by 2025.