Lee–Lin rivalry: The Lee–Lin rivalry is between two legendary badminton players, Datuk Wira Lee Chong Wei of Malaysia and Lin Dan of China.  The rivalry is considered to be one of, if not, the greatest rivalry in badminton history.  More often than not, the dominance of the two legendary shuttlers have been compared to that of tennis greats Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal in tennis.  They have played a total of 38 times, and Lin Dan leads their rivalry 26–12.  Lee Chong Wei and Lin Dan are by far the two of the most dominant players across three generations and many regard Lin Dan and Lee Chong Wei as the 2 greatest badminton players of all time.  In their homeland, each hold a military rank, with Lee a Commander (Honorary) of the Royal Malaysian Navy Volunteer Reserve Unit and Lin a retired Lieutenant-Colonel in the People's Liberation Army having being promoted from the ranks of Lieutenant-Commander and Major respectively, meaning they have the same seniority in terms of military rank.  They have contested in many major tournament finals and are currently the only two badminton singles players who have contested in two Olympic finals where Lin Dan won both of the time.  They have also contested two BWF World Championships finals and one Asian Games final where all matches were very close hard fought 3 setters and won by Lin Dan.  There 2011 World Badminton Championship match widely touted as one of the greatest badminton matches of all the time.  In the semi-finals of the 2016 Rio Olympics, most possibly the last Olympic Games of both athletes' careers, Lee Chong Wei won against Lin Dan, for the first time on the Olympic stage, making Lee the second shuttler in any discipline of the sport in history to reach 3 consecutive finals after Fu Haifeng who had achieved the feat a few hours earlier in the men doubles.  The two players exchanged a special moment in their rivalry and exchanged shirts as they exited the court.  The 2016 Rio Games marks an end in the badminton era dominated by Lee and Lin.  Nevertheless, the pair are good friends off court, having invited one another to each other's wedding and sharing a mutual love for fast cars and watches.  Among the cars that Lee owns include a crystal grey Bentley Continental GT, a white Audi R8, a white Ferrari F430, a grey Nissan Skyline GTR, Range Rover Evoque, yellow Lamborghini Aventador and a BMW X6 besides the cars given to him by national automaker Proton.  Lin, on the other hand, has a Porsche Panamera, a grey Aston Martin DBS and also a black Nissan Skyline GTR among his vast collection of supercars.