Linda Rich: Linda Rich is a hazzan (also called cantor) who, while only in her teens, became the first female cantor to daven (chant) in a Conservative synagogue (specifically Temple Beth Zion in Los Angeles), although she was not ordained until 1996 when she finally received her ordination of "Hazzan Minister" from the "Jewish Theological Seminary" in New York.  That same year she became a member of the "Cantors Assembly of America".  The 1984 Olympics were held in Los Angeles, and Rich was chosen as their official cantor; she also sang at the "1984 World Chassidic Festival" in Haifa, Jerusalem, and Tel Aviv.  An album entitled "World Chassidic Festival" was later released, containing among other songs her recording of "Barcheynu Avinu."  In January 2008, Cantor Linda received a Commendation from the "City of Los Angeles" for her "extraordinary talent and accomplishments".  Rich is a fifth-generation cantor from an Orthodox Jewish family.  Her father was well-known Cantor Israel Reich (Z'L) of New York and Los Angeles, and both of her brothers, Barry and Brian, are cantors as well in the Bay Area.  Together, the 4 cantors concertized throughout the country during the 80's and 90's and eventually recorded their own album entitled "The Reich Family, Cantors Four".  Linda's daughter, Rachel Reich Freed, plans on one day becoming the sixth generation of cantors in the "Reich Family", as they are known.  After the passing of her grandfather in March 1999, Rachel was included in the family concerts as the fourth cantor.  The concerts were renamed "The Reich Family, Cantors Three plus One".  Linda is married to Philip Freed of London, England.  She majored in Theatre Arts and Music at San Francisco State University, and received scholarships to study acting at the American Conservatory Theatre (ACT), musical theatre at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, and is also an accomplished classical pianist.  In addition to her membership in the Cantors Assembly of America (CA), Linda is also a member of the Screen Actors Guild (SAG) and appeared in minor television roles prior to becoming a full-time cantor.