List of Tantei Opera Milky Holmes episodes: Tantei Opera Milky Holmes is a Japanese anime series produced by J.C. Staff, based on the media franchise created by Bushiroad.  In a world where detectives and thieves battle against each other using supernatural abilities known as Toys, the story follows Sherlock Shellingford, Nero Yuzurizaki, Hercule Barton and Cordelia Glauca, a group of young detectives who suddenly lose their Toys and have to earn them back to avoid expulsion from Holmes Detective Academy.  The first series aired in Japan on Tokyo MX between October 7, 2010 and December 23, 2010, and was also streamed on Crunchyroll.  This was followed by a Summer Special episode which aired on August 26, 2011.  A second anime series, "Tantei Opera Milky Holmes: Act 2", aired in Japan between January 5, 2012 and March 22, 2012.  A second TV special aired on August 25, 2012.  For the first season, the opening theme is "The Answer Is One!  Not!!"  (正解はひとつ!じゃない!!  , Seikai wa Hitotsu!  Janai!! )  by Milky Holmes (Suzuko Mimori, Sora Tokui, Mikoi Sasaki and Izumi Kitta), whilst the ending theme is "Instinct Doubt" (本能のDOUBT , Honnou no DOUBT ) by Faylan.  The ending theme for the TV special is "Party Party!"  (パーティーパーティー!  , Pātī Pātī! )  by Milky Holmes.  For the second season, the opening theme is "Mystery!  Mystery?  Happiness!!"  (ナゾ!ナゾ?Happiness!!  , Nazo!  Nazo?  Happiness!! )  by Milky Holmes whilst the ending theme is "Lovely Girls Anthem" by Natsuko Aso.  The ending theme for the second TV special is "A Place For You And Me" (キミのなかのワタシ , Kimi no Naka no Watashi ) by Milky Holmes with SV Tribe.  A third season, "Futari wa Milky Holmes", aired between July 13, 2013 and September 28, 2013, focusing on a pair of detectives named Alice and Kazumi who face up against a thief unit known as Color the Phantom.  The opening theme is "Glory Glowing☆Days" (ぐろーりーぐろーいん☆DAYS , Gurōri Gurōin Deizu ) by Milky Holmes whilst the ending theme is "Seishun Beginner!"  (セイシュンビギナー!  , Seishun Biginā! )  by Ayasa Itō and Aimi Terakawa.  With the exception of "Alternative" and "Futari wa", each episode is named after a piece of famous detective fiction.