Marina Kamen: Marina Kamen (aka MARINA), is a Director/Producer/Casting Director/Vocalist/Choreographer & Musician best known for her music in the advertising industry & fitness/health/dance music communities and has a large online catalogue of workout music, treadmill workouts and audio workouts including 50 albums, 450 Original Songs and 1,200 Online Musical Audio Programs.  Marina's EBook entitled "I'mSteppin' Out!" …confessions of a Food-a-Holic has sold around the globe for the past 15 years and is available on Iamplifi, Audible and on Amazon.  Kamen won the 2005 People's Choice Award in Podcasting .  MARINA's High-nrg Fitness Brand includes Radio and Television Broadcasts, Music, albums, and a Live Show currently playing in NYC called MARINA's High-nrg Fitness LIVE! …an Interactive Musical Theatre WORKOUT Experience.  MARINA's lifelong work merging the worlds of vocalisation and dance has brought her to work with Celebrity artists including Patti Labelle, Carnie Wilson, James Earl Jones, Mandy Patinkin, Gloria Gaynor, Britney Spears, Liza Minnelli and countless others.  In 1987, Kamen and her husband, Roy Kamen, opened Kamen Entertainment Group, Inc.  Kamen's credits in Radio and television advertising have included thousands of campaigns working for Starburst, PopTarts, Mercedes, Exxon Mobile, CocaCola, Dairy Queen, and Febreeze in the 1990s, in 2004, Marina Diretcted, Produced, Cast & Choreographed Britney Spears' Twister Dance Rave Global Television Campaign for Hasbro.  Kamen also Cast, Directed,Choreographed & Produced Television spots for Jenga Tetris & Bop It.  Kamen performs a series of live performance concerts around the country.  In the late 90s, it seemed impossible because she had three young children and was over 215 pounds.  Nonetheless, Kamen started to write and produce music aimed at the dance market.  High energy shows won awards, such as her "Silent Night" performance at Webster Hall in New York City.  Kamen taught aerobics classes in the 70's and 80's, and through her performances she began using dance music to drive her workout routines.  By singing, dancing, and eating well-portioned meals, she lost over 100 pounds.  Kamen released her debut album, "Um-Lotty-Da" in 1997.  Kamen quickly earned a reputation in the New York City club scene.  Her albums and performances garnered the attention of the Dance Organization of America.  This committee steered Kamen towards positions as a director and choreographer for Atlantic Records, Columbia Records, The Naras Foundation which Hosts The Grammy Awards.By the year 2000, Kamen had combined her previous experiences and started to sell her fitness music within the fitness community.  With her innovative approach and inspirational message, Kamen became a well-known persona in the world of Musical Fitness.  Kamen has produced material and live presentations for clients including QVC/Direct, Dynamix, Equinox Gyms, Jazzercise, Strive Enterprise with Bill Kazmier (ESPN), and Jackie Chan's CableFlex.  She has appeared on British TV on "Reborn in the USA," produced and televised from New York City by the producers of "American Idol."  Kamen has been covered in the NY Times, Daily News and Family Circle Magazine.  She can be seen on programing from The Discovery Health Network, PBS and Nickelodeon (The N), ShopNBC, The Tyra Banks Show & ABC NEWS.  Marina is also Hosting a Web Broadcast show entitled "MARINA's High-nrg Fitness Musical Health Talk" at http://www.musicalhealthtalk.com.  Ms. Kamen attended The Manhattan School of Music & Interlochen Arts Academy majoring in voice, violin, and composition.  Marina trained in dance with The American Ballet Theatre, Luigi & Frank Hatchett.  Marina also thanks her longtime friend in dance Francis Roach for his openness and dance talent over the years in addition to carrying out the teachings of dance Icon Luigi.  His work has helped to train thousands of dancers around the world.