Mohamed Sillah: Mohamed Yahya Sillah was born December 12, 1949 in Massam Kpaka, Pujehun District, Republic of Sierra Leone.  His father, Alhaji Yahya Sillah, now 100 years old, served as Regent Chief (Acting Paramount Chief) for several years in Dama Chiefdom, Kenema District in the early seventies.  Alhaji Yahya Sillah was appointed to that high position by Sierra Leone President Siaka Stevens.  His mother, Haja Mamie Zoe Mansaray, was a home maker.  A journalist and human rights activist, Mohamed Yahya Sillah was a vocal torch-bearer in the transition efforts from military to civilian rule in Sierra Leone, 1996.  As Leader and National Chairman of National Alliance Democratic Party (NADP), he competed the 1996 Presidential elections in Sierra Leone, becoming one of only thirteen political leaders that qualified to contest the Presidential and Parliamentary elections in the country at the age of 46.  His adoring personality lured many Sierra Leoneans and media practitioners to view him as one of the most eloquent and charismatic politicians in Sierra Leone.  Nevertheless, he received only 0.5% of the votes (3,723 total votes), good for 13th place.  Although he protested the election results on BBC's Focus on Africa, he later suspended his protest "for the sake of peace."  Mohamed Yahya Sillah continues to enjoy massive support from the youth and women supporters in Sierra Leone.  In 2007, he withdrew his bid for national leadership in the Presidential and Parliamentary elections, citing inadequate funding and ineffective campaign management machinery.  He later put his weight behind the Sierra Leone Peoples Party (SLPP) presidential candidate, Vice President Solomon Berewa.  When Berewa lost the elections, Mohamed Yahya Sillah gracefully congratulated the winning candidate, Ernest Bai Koroma, of the All People's Congress (APC) party.  Mohamed Yahya Sillah vows to respect and help protect the dignity of any Sierra Leonean that is legitimately and democratically elected to office by the people of Sierra Leone.