Nelly Furtado discography: Canadian singer Nelly Furtado has released six studio albums, twenty singles, one video album, one live album, two compilation albums, three extended plays, and twenty-three music videos.  Furtado released her debut album "Whoa, Nelly! " in 2000 and it became a commercial success selling 9 million copies worldwide.  It has been certified multi Platinum in countries such as Canada, United States, Australia and New Zealand.  The album spawned four singles including the successful top 10 hits; "I'm Like a Bird" and "Turn Off the Light".  In 2003 she released her second album "Folklore", while the album did not match the success of her previous album in such markets as the US and Australia, it did however become a success in several European countries.  "Folklore" has sold 3 million copies worldwide.  The album produced two European top 10 hits; "Powerless (Say What You Want)" and "Força", while "Try" peaked inside the top 10 in Canada.  Furtado's third album "Loose" (2006) became her best selling album of career with 12 million copies sold worldwide.  It also reached number one on the album chart of nine countries and was certified multi Platinum in several countries such as Canada, UK, Australia, Germany, Switzerland, Austria and New Zeeland.  The album spawned four successful number one singles; "Promiscuous", "Maneater", "Say It Right" and "All Good Things (Come to an End)".  "Loose" was one of the best selling albums of 2006–2007 and is twenty-second best-selling album of the 2000s.  She released her first Spanish language album "Mi Plan" in 2009 which became a success in Europe and on the Latin charts.  The lead single "Manos al Aire" became a European top 10 hit and also topped the "Billboard" Hot Latin Songs chart, making Furtado the first North American singer to reach number one on that chart with an original Spanish song.  "Mi Plan" has been certified Platinum (Latin) in the US.  In 2010 she released a remix album "Mi Plan Remixes" and her first greatest hits "The Best of Nelly Furtado".  Furtado released her fifth album "The Spirit Indestructible" in 2012, followed by "The Ride" in 2017.