Old Angel Midnight: Old Angel Midnight is a long narrative poem by American novelist and poet Jack Kerouac.  It was culled from five notebooks spanning from 1956 to 1959, while Kerouac was fully absorbed by his studies of Buddhism and Buddhist philosophy.  Kerouac initially experimented with Old Angel Midnight (then called "Lucien Midnight") in 1953 in his diary titled "1953.  Notes again."  In entries dated from November 20 to December 3, 1953, he made notes on "Lucien Midnight" which was to be originally conceptualized in what he called "book movie" form, when he closed his eyes and projected onto paper a cinematic sense of what he heard.  A bookmovie, he explained in Some of the Dharma, is a "prose concentration camera-eye visions of a definite movie of the mind with fade-ins, pans, close-ups, and fade-outs."  Kerouac's notes on Lucien Midnight were written while staying in the Lower East Side where he initially heard sounds coming through a tenement window from the wash court below.  He then heard voices coming from kitchens of the other occupants in nearby apartment buildings and a man named Paddy arriving home drunk, and even a junky stirring in his bed.  Kerouac conceptualized an idea of developing a work based on James Joyce’s experimental novel "Finnegans Wake" (not "Ulysses" as indicated by Ann Charters in her introduction to "Old Angel Midnight" for Grey Fox Press) where the “sounds of the universe” became the chief “plot” with all of its associated “neologisms, mental associations, puns and wordmixes” that stewed a plethora of languages and “nonlanguages.”  Kerouac determinedly “scribbled out in a strictly intuitional discipline at breakneck speed” the fledgling prose that would finally comprise the finished book for City Lights's Pocket Poet series eight years later.  Kerouac's one dogma was to compose Lucien Midnight strictly in pencil by candlelight.  Lucien Midnight differs from his sketching method of writing because it is based upon an aural experience, and not visual.  The bookmovie approach was abandoned in 1953 in favor of a different approach he had stylistically achieved by 1956.