Pan Wenshi: ​Pan Wenshi(潘文石) is Peking University professor.  His research works on giant panda, white-headed langur and Chinese white dolphin in the last 36 years are internationally recognized contributions.  Pan had authored and co-authored 40 – 50 treatises published on various domestic and international journals including National Geographic and Nature and he is renowned for his academic achievements on researching the 3 near-extinct contemporary species.  In his book The Natural Refuge of Giant Panda at Qinling (秦嶺大熊猫的自然庇護所) co-authored with postgraduates under his supervision, researchers and other collaborators, Pan put forward for the first time arguments supporting “giant pandas in Qinling can survive living in natural conditions” which was acclaimed by international peers to be “significant contribution to the biological theory of giant panda”.  Following that in his book Chance for Continual Survival (繼績生存的機會) Pan commented that “since the cause leading to the near-extinct of giant panda was human error, it must require human to rectify their acts in order giant pandas could have a chance for continual survival”.  In the book The White Dolphins of Qinzhou (欽州的白海豚) Prof. Pan and his co-authors unveiled that Chinese white dolphin appeared in Beibu Gulf only from 6000 years ago and that in the Beibu Gulf population is preserved an ancient and rare genotype that is so far never found in populations in other territorial waters.  In the book he as well suggested that the social developments of Qinzhou must be planned to optimize a win-win situation between its economy and nature conservation for that is the only way to achieve sustainable development.  The Natural History of White-headed Langur (白頭葉猴自然史) is a live record of researches in wilderness.  When Prof. Pan went into the Nongguan Mountains he noticed there the sustenance environment was almost totally devastated and that “human was suffering more miserably than the langurs there”.  In view of which he suggested “the core issue of nature conservation in Nongguan Mountains is to improve the living conditions of the people there.  Only after people’s lives been improved could white-headed langur conservation be anticipated”.  20 years practice of his words has proved his foresight; during the period the white-headed langur population in Nongguan Mountains has increased from the initial of about 100 individuals to about 820 individuals, and the people there have as well gradually improved their livings to well-off standard. <br>