Proud Prophet: Proud Prophet was a simulated war game played by the United States in 1983.  With an ongoing arms buildup against the Soviet Union, President Ronald Reagan and his Administration had a great deal of concern for the U.S. nuclear war plan and what may occur if we did not take action.  After being briefed on the strike plan in place, President Reagan was unsatisfied and took measures to simulate a response to the onset of a nuclear war.  The simulation consisted of 200 Military Personnel and Politicians with only twelve days of actual play.  Stretching the twelve days of gameplay over several week periods, Personnel involved in the simulation were forced to make critical strategic and diplomatic decisions to test the effectiveness of the United States strike plan.  Due to heightened tensions with the ongoing Cold War made this simulation the most realistic in United States Military history.  For the first time ever, the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff took part in the game, although their participation was concealed.  One of the main purposes of the simulation was to test the response of the National Command Authority's (NCA) decision making when dealing with many different situations at once.  Although Proud Prophet was intended to help senior officials test their nuclear strategies, it was apparent that many of the concepts in place were incompatible with current Military capabilities.  Many important parts of this simulation saw limited use of de-escalation tactics.  If a risk of a war did occur, many Military advisors saw the use of nuclear missiles as the deterring factor when dealing with the Soviet Union.  The idea behind this concept was that Soviet forces would seek ceasefire if the West moved to use nuclear weapons.  The final outcome of the Proud Prophet war game would show the need to resolve global issues in times of war or potential war.  The outcome of an all-out nuclear war is the total destruction of both sides involved, and a death toll nearly reaching half a billion with the remaining dying from starvation or lethal doses of radiation.  The government file for Proud Prophet was not declassified until December 20th, 2012, and was only declassified in part.  While there is no known reason why it was unclassified under the Obama administration.