Psycho Circus World Tour: Psycho Circus World Tour was a Kiss concert tour in 1998–2000.  It was the first concert tour in history to have 3-D visual effects.  The Smashing Pumpkins opened at the Dodger Stadium show only, in costume as The Beatles for the Halloween night performance.  The Dodger Stadium show was streamed live on the internet as well as a radio broadcast.  Two songs, "Psycho Circus" and "Shout It Out Loud", were screened live on Fox television as part of the "Kiss Live: The Ultimate Halloween Party" special.  The vast majority of songs in the setlist were played on the previous Alive/Worldwide concert dates, leading to some frustration from fans expecting the return of classic songs not played on the previous tour.  Peter Criss was quoted in Metal Edge magazine at the time as wanting to add "Parasite" to the setlist.  The tour was initially hyped as having circus-style acts as pre-show entertainment.  This ultimately happened only at the first concert at Dodger Stadium.  Peter Criss later said that it didn't work out because the circus performers wanted equal billing and that some had even wanted to use KISS' backstage dressing room.  "2,000 Man" was played to bring in the new Millennium at the 1999/2000 New Year's Eve show at Vancouver, advertised at the time as being recorded for Alive IV.  The Vancouver show was also notable as being the first time the original members had played non-original band era material live in concert – "I Love It Loud", "Lick It Up" and "Heaven's on Fire" were added to the setlist and subsequently played on the Farewell Tour.  "Forever" was listed on concert setlists at the Vancouver show but was not played.  It was thought at the time it may have been intended as a Paul Stanley solo version prior to "Black Diamond".  One notable show on the tour was the March 12 Bremen, Germany, show.  After the opening song, Paul Stanley announced that the local fire marshall had banned Kiss from using any pyrotechnics during the show.  They used a translator on stage to let the crowd understand exactly what Stanley was saying.  At the end of the performance, the band ignited all of the pyrotechnics at once; as a result, they were banned from performing in Bremen.  Ticket sales for this tour were notably slower than the previous Reunion Tour, with many of the smaller market shows underselling and a second North American leg for the summer of 1999 cancelled all together, the band ultimatly decided on embarking on a Farewell tour in the new millennium.