Push-Button Kitty: Push-Button Kitty is a 1952 one-reel animated cartoon and is the 70th "Tom and Jerry" short directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and produced by Fred Quimby.  This is the last cartoon to feature Mammy Two Shoes.  Mammy Two Shoes (for whom this cartoon has marked the final appearance for) is sweeping the floor and while Tom is relaxing near Jerry's mouse hole, not caring or noticing as Jerry comes out, then returns with a piece of cheese.  Mammy then receives a package she has been expecting.  She opens it to reveal Mechano, a talented robotic cat, just the opportunity to downside Tom after his laziness.  In disbelief, both Tom and Jerry laugh out loud.  Mammy then turns on Mechano with the remote control, and it immediately darts to the mouse, hits him with a hammer, and slingshots him out through the window.  Mammy then laughs while the unwanted cat packs up and leaves the house.  Mammy praises Mechano on its job.  Jerry tries to get back into his hole in defiance, using various disguises to elude the computerised cat, but his efforts are no match for Mechano's every thwarting gadget.  Knowing that he cannot win by himself, Jerry inserts a series of clockwork mice under the door slot to create a diversion for Mechano.  Mechano starts to attack the mice and the house as soon as it detects them, but goes haywire and chops up the piano with an axe, breaks the china with his cannon, saws a table with a buzzsaw, and launches dynamite into a mouse hole, causing serious wreckage to the house.  Mammy hears all of this, sees Mechano chopping into the floor after one of the mice, and yells at Mechano to stop.  However, the computer will only respond to the controller, so nothing happens.  Mammy runs around screaming for Tom's help who hears her out.  Mammy runs away from the assault as Mechano tries to break through wardrobes and doors to chase the "mice" and ends up crashing and breaking himself to pieces.  Mechano's computer hub, unfortunately, gets accidentally swallowed by Tom just before the maid reaches him.  Mammy, with great relief, welcomes the cat back into the house, grateful to have him back on mouse-catching duties.  However, Jerry gets the last laugh when he turns Mechano's remote control on causing Tom to "transform" into "Mechano".  The terrified housemaid watches helplessly and starts screaming as the mechanised Tom activates and goes on a path of destruction as the cartoon draws to an end.