Randal Quarles: Randal Keith Quarles (born September 5, 1957 in San Francisco) is founder and head of The Cynosure Group, a private investment firm backed by a network of large family offices in the United States.  Before founding Cynosure, he was a partner of The Carlyle Group, one of the world's largest private equity firms.  From August 2001 until October 2006, he held several important financial policy posts in the George W. Bush administration, ultimately serving as Under Secretary of the Treasury for Domestic Finance.  As Under Secretary, he was the lead advocate for imposing greater regulation on Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, arguing that they posed significant risk to the financial sector, and argued for fundamental reform of the entire financial regulatory system—extending broader and more uniform federal regulation to investment banks and insurance companies—because the current system restricted regulators' ability to observe and limit risk in the system.  In his earlier positions in the administration he had a key role in response to several international crises—the Argentine debt default, as well as near defaults in Brazil, Turkey and Uruguay—and chaired the international working group that led to changes in the terms of sovereign debt finance that now permit collective action by creditors in such crises.  He also argued strongly for improving international coordination of financial regulation, initiating a regular dialogue with the European Union on financial regulatory matters and representing the United States at the Financial Stability Forum.  He negotiated the historic debt relief agreement for the world's poorest countries reached at the G7 Meetings in London during 2005.  In prior government service, he was an important member of the team developing the government's response to the savings and loan crisis of the late 1980s and early 1990s.  At the time of his departure from government, Hank Paulson, the Treasury Secretary, noted that he had played a role in an unusually large range of matters in the history of the Treasury – "from the Argentine debt default to terrorism risk insurance, and from Chinese currency flexibility to GSE reform", and awarded him the Alexander Hamilton Medal, the Treasury Department's highest honor.  He is widely mentioned as a possible Treasury Secretary or senior White House adviser in any future Republican administration.