Reginald Gibbons: Reginald Gibbons (born 1947) is an American poet, fiction writer, translator, literary critic, and Professor of English and Classics at Northwestern University and Director of the Center for the Writing Arts there.  Gibbons has published numerous books, as well as poems, short stories, essays and reviews in journals and magazines, has held Guggenheim Foundation and NEA fellowships in poetry and a research fellowship from the Center for Hellenic Studies in Washington D.C.  He has won the Anisfield-Wolf Book Award, the Carl Sandburg Prize, the Folger Shakespeare Library's O. B. Hardison, Jr.  Poetry Prize, and other honors, among them the inclusion of his work in "Best American Poetry" and "Pushcart Prize" anthologies.  His book "Creatures of a Day" was a finalist for the 2008 National Book Award for poetry.  He attended public school in Spring Branch (at that time, outside Houston, Texas; now incorporated into the city), Princeton University (BA Spanish and Portuguese), and Stanford University (MA in English and Creative Writing; PhD in Comparative Literature).  Before moving to Northwestern University, he taught creative writing at Princeton and Columbia.  At Northwestern, he was the editor of "TriQuarterly" magazine from 1981 to 1997, and co-founded TriQuarterly Books (after 1997, an imprint of Northwestern University Press).  As the editor of "TriQuarterly", he edited or co-edited the special issues "Chicago" (1984), "From South Africa: New Writing, Photography and Art" (1987), "A Window on Poland" (1983), "Prose from Spain" (1983), "New Writing from Mexico" (1992), and others, as well as many general issues of the magazine.  He edited two works of William Goyen (1915-1983): the 50th Anniversary edition of "The House of Breath" and the Goyen's posthumously published second novel, "Half a Look of Cain" (both published by Northwestern University Press).  In 1989, he was one of a group of co-founders of the Guild Literary Complex (Chicago), a literary presenting organization, where he continues to volunteer, and he is a member of the large team that is creating the American Writers Museum (Chicago; opening in 2017).