Robinson Ekspeditionen 2010: Robinson Ekspeditionen 2010 was the thirteenth season of the Danish version of the Swedish show Expedition Robinson.  This season premiered on September 6, 2010.  The major twist this season is that the contestants have been divided into tribes with half of each tribe being "Masters" and the other half being "Slaves".  The contestants individual statuses were determined in a challenge they took part in before they were divided into tribes.  The twelve members of each gender competed in a challenge against each other with the five winners being the masters of their tribe and each getting to pick one of the seven challenge losers from the other tribe as their slave.  Through the slave selection process four contestants, Anja Balle, Gitte Behrendt, Vincent Muir, and Hector Nielsen, were eliminated and sent to "Utopia" to compete against each other as well as future eliminated contestants in order to earn a spot back in the game.  Following the elimination, the "Tenga" and "Minang" tribes were formed with the Minang tribe being composed of the female winners and their slaves and the Tenga tribe of the male winners and their slaves.  In episode 2, a tribal swap took place in which most of the contestants swapped tribes.  In episode 3, no elimination took place due to Ali Ghiace's voluntary exit.  Also in episode 3, it was revealed that, like last year, there is a mole competing in the game.  With this news came that of the mole being the only person eligible to vote for two people at the third tribal council.  In episode 5, both tribes competed in an elimination competition which would lead to players from each tribe being eliminated.  Ultimately, it Maiken Andersen and Bjørn Lambertsen from Minang and Ann Applegren from Tenga who lost the challenge and were eliminated and sent to Utopia.  In episode 9, the two tribes merged and five contestants from Utopia (Anja Balle, Diana Andersen, Germaine Nielsen, Hector Nielsen, and Reda Zamzam) returned to the game.  In episode 10, Germaine lost a challenge and was eliminated.  In episode 11, Anja and Reda were sent to Utopia where Anja lost a duel and was eliminated.  In episode 13, all Utopia contestants competed in a duel which Hans "HC" Nørager lost and was eliminated.  In episode 14, the recently voted out Gitte Benherdt along with all of the remaining Utopia residents competed in the final duel of the season for a spot in the final four.  Ultimately, Hans Ravnholt won the duel while the others were eliminated in the following order, Gitte Behrendt, Diana Andersen, Jens Bach, Mette Egeberg, Henriette Nielsen, Hector Nielsen, and finally Jakob Jensen.  In the final episode of the season the final four faced off in series of three challenges to determine the winner.  As the winner of the first challenge Zabrina Kondrup was immune from the second, elimination challenge.  Søren "Nicolai" Korshøj became the final contestant to be eliminated when he lost the second challenge.