Saskatchewan Highway 35: Highway 35 is a paved undivided provincial highway in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.  It runs from the US Border near Port of Oungre (where it meets United States Route 85) to a dead end near the north shore of Tobin Lake.  Saskatchewan Highway 35 is about 540 km long.  The CanAm Highway comprises Saskatchewan Highways 35, SK Hwy 39, SK Hwy 6, SK Hwy 3, SK Hwy 2 and U.S. Route 85.  46.5 mi of SK Hwy 35 contribute to the CanAm Highway between Port of Oungre on the Canada – United States border and Weyburn.  Mudslides, and spring flooding were huge road building and maintenance problems around Nipawin as well as along the southern portion of the route named the "Greater Yellow Grass Marsh".  Over 20 early dams were built until the problem was addressed with the Rafferty-Alameda Project on the Souris River and the construction of the Qu'Appelle River Dam which have helped to eliminate washed out roads and flooded communities.  The highway through the homesteading community followed the Dominion Land Survey on the square until reaching the Saskatchewan River at Nipawin.  The completion of the combined railway and traffic bridge over the Saskatchewan River at Nipawin in the late 1920s retired the ferry and basket crossing for traffic north of Nipawin.  The E.B. Campbell Dam built in 1963 northeast of Nipawin created Tobin Lake, and Codette Lake was formed with the construction of the Francois-Finlay Hydroelectric dam at Nipawin.  The railway/traffic bridge that formed part of Highway 35 was the only crossing utilized at Nipawin until a new traffic bridge was constructed in 1974.  The new bridge then became part of the combined Highway 35 and 55 until the highway parts just east of White Fox.  Highway 35 then continued north along the west side of Tobin Lake.  The railway/traffic bridge continues to be utilized for one lane vehicle traffic controlled by traffic lights, and continues as the "old highway 35" on the west side of the river until it joins with the current Highway 35/55.