Sign language in the brain: Sign language refers to a mode of communication, distinct from spoken languages, which uses visual gestures with the hands accompanied by body language to express meaning.  It has been determined that the brain's left side is the dominant side utilized for producing and understanding sign language, just as it is for speech.  In 1861, Paul Broca studied patients with the ability to understand spoken languages but the inability to produce them.  The damaged area was named Broca's area, and located in the left hemisphere’s inferior frontal gyrus (Brodmann areas 44, 45).  Soon after, in 1874, Carl Wernicke studied patients with the reverse deficits: patients could produce spoken language, but could not comprehend it.  The damaged area was named Wernicke's area, and is located in the left hemisphere’s posterior superior temporal gyrus (Brodmann area 22).  Signers with damage in Broca's area, have problems producing signs.  Those with damage in the Wernicke's area (left hemisphere) in the temporal lobe of the brain have problems comprehending signed languages.  Early on, it was noted that Broca’s area was near the part of the motor cortex controlling the face and mouth.  Likewise, Wernicke's area was near the auditory cortex.  These motor and auditory areas are important in spoken language processing and production, but the connection to signed languages had yet to be uncovered.  For this reason, the left hemisphere was described as the verbal hemisphere, with the right hemisphere deemed to be responsible for spatial tasks.  This criteria and classification was used to denounce signed languages as equal with their spoken counterparts before it was more widely agreed upon that due to the similarities in cortical connectivity they are linguistically and cognitively equivalent.  In the 1980's research on deaf patients with left hemisphere stroke were examined to explore the brains connection with signed languages.  The left perisylvian region was discovered to be functionally critical for language, spoken and signed.  Its location near several key auditory processing regions led to the belief that language processing required auditory input and was used to discredit signed languages as "real languages."  This research opened the doorway for linguistic analysis and further research of signed languages.  Signed languages, like spoken languages, are highly structured linguistic system; they have their own sets of phonological, morphological and syntactic characteristics.  Despite complex differences between spoken and signed languages, the associated brain areas are thus far thought to share a lot in common.