Sriniwaspuri: Sriniwaspuri (Hindi: श्रीनिवासपुरी ) is a small Colony located in the southern part of Delhi, India.  This Colony has mainly two sub-colonies - a government colony and a private colony.  The government colony has Type-I and Type-II flats and few type 3 flats above i block market under General Pool Residential Accommodation of Central Government maintained by CPWD, and residents here are employees of various Central and attached government offices and their family members.  The private colony was initially developed as J.J.Colony Sriniwaspuri.  The original residents of this JJ Colony had been residing at Bela Road Jhuggi Basti near Rajghat and were Rajasthani and Punjabi/Multani/Sindhi/Janghi.  Being poor, they had been working in and around the Purani Delhi area, the Yamuna area, etc.  Most of them were labourers, masons, etc.  In 1961, due to a fire accident this Juggi Basti had burnt.  Pt.  Jawahar Lal Nehru, then the Prime Minister of India, allotted 80 Sq.Yds Plots with a loan of Rs.1000 to every family to build homes.  First, 94 Plots in J Block were allotted to Rajasthani families, and Blocks K, L, M, N and O were allotted to the remaining people.  Punjabi/Multani/Sindhi/Jhangi people were largest at that time too.  Therefore, it is clear that most of the original residents of Sriniwaspuri residing in Blocks J, K, L, M, N, and O have been residing in Sriniwaspuri since 1961, and they may have been residing in Delhi since 1951 or earlier.  Thereafter, local people and other people came in this Colony and encroached upon the land, resulting in the more recent P, Q, R, S, and T blocks.  The difference may be seen easily that on one hand J.J. Colony having Blocks J, K, L, M, N, and O has well planned roads and buildings, whereas Blocks P, Q, R, S, and T are congested.  This part is also known as the private colony wxtension.  The private colony extension of Sriniwaspuri grapples with basic issues such as water supply, electricity, and encroachment.  This part of Sriniwaspuri has many unregulated businesses such as provisional stores, dairies, and confectionery shops.  Over the years, the place has commercialised so much that many residents have started leaving the place.