Structural inequality in education: Structural inequality has been identified as the bias that is built into the structure of organizations, institutions, governments, or social networks.  Structural inequality occurs when the fabric of organizations, institutions, governments or social networks contains an embedded bias which provides advantages for some members and marginalizes or produces disadvantages for other members.  This can involve property rights, status, or unequal access to health care, housing, education and other physical or financial resources or opportunities.  Structural inequality is believed to be an embedded part of the culture of the United States due to the history of slavery and the subsequent suppression of equal civil rights of minority races.  Structural inequality has been encouraged and maintained in the society of the United States through structured institutions such as the public school system with the goal of maintaining the existing structure of wealth, employment opportunities, and social standing of the races by keeping minority students from high academic achievement in high school and college as well as in the workforce of the country.  In the attempt to equalize allocation of state funding, policymakers evaluate the elements of disparity to determine an equalization of funding throughout school districts.p. (14) Policymakers have to determine a formula based of per-pupil revenue and the student need.p. (8) Critical race theory is part of the ongoing oppression of minorities in the public school system and the corporate workforce that limits academic and career success.  The public school system maintains structural inequality through such practices as tracking of students, standardized assessment tests, and a teaching force that does not represent the diversity of the student body.  Also see social inequality, racism, discrimination, and oppression.  Social inequality occurs when certain groups in a society do not have equal social status.  Aspects of social status involve property rights, voting rights, freedom of speech and freedom of assembly, access to health care, and education as well as many other social commodities.