Suraiya: Suraiya Jamaal Sheikh (15 June 1929 – 31 January 2004), popularly known as Suraiya, was an Indian Muslim Hindi/Hindustani film actress and playback singer in Bollywood from the 1940s to the early 1960s, who remained unmarried throughout her life, after her love affair with actor Dev Anand was aborted by her maternal grandmother.  She was the most popular singing star of the Indian sub-continent of her generation.  Until 1943, as a child singer, Suraiya did playback singing for one actress, namely Mehtab, in three films, and also in some of her own films for her roles as a child artiste.  After this, she only sang for her own films as an actress, and acted as a heroine from 1946 until the end of her career in 1963.  From 1948 to 1951, she became the singing superstar of Bollywood, earning more for her performances than all the performing actors of the times, male or female, including Dev Anand, Raj Kapoor, Dilip Kumar, Nargis and Madhubala.  She received 1.5–2 lakhs rupees for her role per film, when top male actors were getting 50 thousand to 1 lakh rs.  For a song, she commanded rs. 1000, while Lata Mangeshkar was getting rs. 100–200 per song.  She was the only child of her parents.  She had a natural talent for singing, acting and dancing from childhood.  She received basic training in music when her mother used to take her to a Hindustani music teacher or 'masterji' for training.  She first sang for a children's program for All India Radio in 1937.  Later on Naushad gave her on the job 'training', while recording.  She went on to become one of the most successful singing film stars of Bollywood.  She had received training in dancing from Mumtaz Ali, dancer-actor and father of the famous comedian Mehmood.  She was also known for her North Indian Muslim feudal style acting or 'adakari' in many of her films ("Mirza Ghalib (film)", "Phool", "Afsar", "Shayar", "Jeet (1949 film)", "Anmol Ghadi" and "Dastan").  This style 'endowed modernity with an aura of tradition' and brought nostalgic feudal tinge to the scenes.  Her performance 'expertly integrated gestures, music and speech'.  Suraiya in her heyday was known as 'Malika-e-Husn' (queen of beauty), 'Malika-e-Tarannum' (queen of melody) and 'Malika-e-Adakaari' (queen of acting), all rolled into one.  In a career spanning from 1936 till 1963, Suraiya sang 338 songs in films (which were mostly her own films) and 2 in addition were non-film songs, namely, 'tum rahe kahan ko piya' and 'hum tum karenge pyar'.  She acted in 67 movies, which do not include the incomplete films such as "Jaanwar" (with Dilip Kumar), "Paagal Khaana" with Bharat Bhushan and an Indo-British film on Wajid Ali Shah (1953) being directed by British director, Herbert Marshall, with Ashok Kumar in the role of Wajid Ali Shah.