Susan C. Lee: Susan Clair Lee (; born May 14, 1954) is a member of the Maryland State Senate.  She was elected to the Maryland State Senate on November 4, 2014 and had previously served in the Maryland House of Delegates since 2002.  She serves on the Senate Judicial Proceedings Committee and the Joint Committee on Cybersecurity, Information Technology and Biotechnology and is a member of the Maryland Cybersecurity Council and Workgroup on Youth Victims of Human Trafficking which were both created by legislation she introduced and passed.  Lee represents District 16, which is located in Montgomery County, and includes parts of Bethesda, Chevy Chase, Potomac, Kensington, Cabin John, Glen Echo, and Rockville.  She is the first Asian American elected to the Maryland State Senate and was the first Asian American woman and first Chinese American to be elected to the Maryland legislature.  While in the House of Delegates, she was a member of the House Judiciary Committee, a Deputy Majority Whip, Vice Chair of the Montgomery County House Delegation, Chair of the Subcommittee on Family Law, Co Chair of the Maryland Commission on Cyber Security Innovation and Excellence, the Nanobiotechnology Task Force and the Identity Theft Task Force.  Lee was elected to serve two terms as President of the Women Legislators of Maryland (Women's Legislative Caucus) and led efforts to pass an aggressive agenda of laws to fight domestic violence and human trafficking, economically empower women, reduce health care disparities, and obtain funding for rape crisis centers.  She received the Maryland Legislative Agenda for Women's (MLAW) Legislative Leadership Award, inducted into the Human Rights Hall of Fame of Montgomery County and the Montgomery County Women's History Archives and honored by the Maryland Chapter of the Healthcare Information Management Systems Society for her work in advancing healthcare technology and reform.  Lee received an Award from the Maryland National Organization for Women for her leadership and work on legislation while President of the Women’s Caucus, particularly the law authorizing the placement of Marylander and American hero Harriet Tubman’s statue in the U.S. Capitol.