The Kings of Clonmel: While at the annual Rangers' Gathering, Will is informed by Crowley that Halt will not be able to attend as he is investigating things in the west of the country.  A mysterious group of people are going around, recruiting people and stealing gold in an unlikely fashion.  Meanwhile, Halt is watching the group, who are acting in a small village called Selsey, in Araluen, although not governed by any fief.  He manages to stop them burning the boats, which they put as an "omen" to their god of gold, Alseiass.  He finds that the plot to build a golden altar that is fake, they are stealing the gold, and making the altar out of wood, coated in thin layer of gold.  He manages to capture their leader, and expel the group from the village.  Halt is puzzled, as when the leader sees him, he says, "What are you doing here?" .  Halt is sure he and the man never met before.  Back at the rangers Annual Gathering, two Ranger apprentices graduate at a ceremony, where Crowley asks Will to take care of three more apprentices for a while.  He does this, and Crowley tells him that he has been moved to Redmont fief to share half of it with Halt.  It is where he grew up, and where Alyss, (his girlfriend) lives.  Halt's wife, Pauline also lives there.  Will rides to the fief, where he is greeted by a feast made by his childhood friend, Jenny.  He greets Pauline, and Crowley, then Halt arrives.  Crowley assigns Will, Halt, and Horace (Will's current best friend, and a knight) to investigate Clonmel.  Halt tells them he knows the king, and when they ask how, he tells them he is the King's brother.  They go around, investigating the Outsiders (the group who are stealing gold).  When Halt's brother tells them he made a deal with the Outsiders, he is knocked out by Horace, and Halt takes the king's place (they are twins).  The Outsiders' leader, Tennyson, is angry, and challenges Horace to duel his two giant bodyguards.  Horace accepts.  Will meanwhile, is investigating a camp, and he sees that Tennyson has recruited three Genovesans (foreigners; assassins).  He tells Horace and Halt this, and Halt is expecting treachery from Tennyson.  The duel proceeds, with Horace barely winning against the chain and mace used by the first giant.  Horace is then drugged by the assassins, causing his eyes to waver a lot, and he is unable to see clearly.  Will shoots the second giant in the arm, after which he manages to accuse Tennyson.  Tennyson escapes, though not before killing Halt's brother.  Halt abdicates the throne to his nephew, Sean, a warrior and worthy king.  They begin to follow Tennyson's trail to Picta, thus ending the book.