Tina Monzon-Palma: Tina Monzon-Palma (born Maria Cristina Mapa Monzon on March 29, 1951) is a prominent Filipina anchorwoman.  As a veteran broadcast journalist, Palma was a reporter who maintained “strength, courage, and dignity” during Martial Law in the Philippines.  She is one of the first female news anchors on Philippine television.  Tina began her work as one of the first news anchors of GMA Network when she first anchored News at Seven, and later GMA Headline News before she left in 1992 when Tina moved to the reopened TV5 (six years of post-EDSA revolution) and later ABS-CBN til present.  She is a program director of "Bantay Bata 163" and "Sagip Kapamilya" public service programs of the ABS-CBN Foundation, Inc. (now ABS-CBN Lingkod Kapamilya Foundation), an organization she joined in 1998 when she left as the chief operating officer of the reopened ABC (now TV5) and she also the lead anchor of the network's late night newscast Big News until 1997 when she was transferring to ABS-CBN Channel 2.  Associated with cable channel's ANC (the ABS-CBN News Channel), and the Asia News Network, Palma is currently the newscaster for the Philippine nightly news program The World Tonight on ABS-CBN Channel 2 since 1997 replacing Loren Legarda when she is currently the three-term senator and was also simulcast on ANC (then the Sarimanok News Network) but in 1999, it was replaced by due to low ratings and The World Tonight moved to ANC.  Palma also became the host of "Talkback with Tina Palma", a "weekly issue-oriented interactive talk show" considered as the “first truly Filipino interactive television show”.  Her "Paksa", a program broadcast by ABS-CBN on AM radio, discusses subjects such as women, labor rights, welfare of children, and the "militant poor".  She is also the director of the Center for Media Freedom and Responsibility (CMFR), a private non-profit and non-stock company.  During her early life as a news reporter, Palma was involved with civic organizations such as the Quezon City Red Cross and the Citizens Traffic Action.