Tommy Demenkoff: Tommy Demenkoff (born January 31, 1952) is an American stage, television and film actor, director and musician who has worked in New York, Los Angeles, South America, and Europe.  He is an award-winning teacher, Outreach Director, and Arts Education Activist.  His work designing and delivering arts programs and classes is well-known in correctional facilities, including Rikers Island in New York and Twin Towers Correctional Facility in Los Angeles, therapeutic communities including Phoenix House and large city school systems like the New York City Department of Education where he successfully created an integrated approach to teaching literacy through playwriting in all five boroughs of the city.  With over 50 years of experience as an artist in a variety of disciplines, he continues to focus on building communities of artists dedicated to serving humanity.  Recent projects which best reflect the vast scope of his work include Teatro de Vieques on the island of Vieques, Puerto Rico, where he partnered with a local non-profit organization, Reach for Success, with a goal of helping teenagers on the island discover their voices and their hearts through their own talent and abundant passion by providing the necessary support for the realization of a summer arts immersion experience.  Also partnering with Five Keys Charter School inside three of the jails they serve through their relationship with the Los Angeles Sheriff's Department and Education Based Incarceration (E.B.I.).  His presence on the Commissioner's Adolescent Advisory Board, as the voice of the arts programming issues related to serving youthful offenders in the custody of The New York City Department of Correction reflects the impact of his career moving from Actor to Activist to Arts Education Activist.  Leading a national conversation through the efforts of Theatre Communications Group (TCG), in a webinar entitled "Models of Activist Theatre", his work and his vision cast a bold spotlight on a movement that sees organizations and artists who share this vision joining arms and marching forward together.  Demenkoff's personal life mission as an Arts Education Activist is to build communities of artists for the purpose of providing individuals and groups who have little or no access to the arts with an artistic home.  He calls this effort a humanitarian response.