United Pursuit: United Pursuit (also known as, United Pursuit Band) is an American Christian music worship band from Knoxville, Tennessee, where they started making music in 2008, but were founded in 2006.  They have released two live albums, "Live at the Banks House" (2010), and "Simple Gospel" (2015).  The 2015 album was their breakthrough release upon the "Billboard" magazine charts.  Aside from live recordings, United Pursuit has produced several studio records, the first of which was "Radiance" in 2008, which was a compilation of music written by several of the United Pursuit artists.  Other studio records put out by United Pursuit featured a particular United Pursuit artist.  Two of these records, "In the Night Season" (2009) and "Endless Years" (2012) featured Will Reagan and were released under the brands "Will Reagan and United Pursuit Band" and "Will Reagan and United Pursuit".  "The Wild Inside" (2014) featured Michael Ketterer and was released under the brand "Michael Ketterer and United Pursuit".  United Pursuit is also known for their weekly Tuesday gatherings from which many of their songs were written.  These gatherings were birthed in a residence on Banks Ave in a North Knoxville neighborhood.  This residence is commonly referred to now as the Banks House.  Over the course of several years, these gatherings have grown in number, pushing United Pursuit and others out of the Banks House and into, at one point, a larger living room and eventually other commercial and public spaces.  After much transition, United Pursuit's Tuesday gatherings found a home at a renovated commercial space near downtown Knoxville.  This space, now commonly referred to as the Fifth Avenue House, continues to grow as a commercial space and currently caters to both United Pursuit and independent events such as wedding, concerts, etc.. .  The music released and the Tuesday gatherings held by United Pursuit over the years has been the product of their humble beginning with a simple desire to commune with God and each other.  The name United Pursuit is in itself reflective of the heart of the United Pursuit community, "doing life together as we seek God through both song and relationship with others".