United States and the Haitian Revolution: The Haitian Revolution provoked mixed reactions in the United States.  In June 1793 when the Haitian people, led by Toussaint Louverture, overthrew the French colonial rule and declared themselves an independent colony, it made the neighboring United States uneasy.  The slaves in Saint-Domingue’s were able to observe the growing disunity among the white colonists and themselves.  They realized that they would need to seek an opportunity to stop the tyranny that was being placed upon them, thus they took a stand and revolted.  The Haitian Revolution of 1804 impacted the United States of America, led by Thomas Jefferson, instilling fear of racial instability in the US, and the possible problematic effect the revolution could have on the early foreign relations and trade between the US and the new independent Haiti.  Thomas Jefferson realized that the Haitian Revolution had the potential to cause an upheaval against slavery in the US not only by the slaves themselves, but by white abolitionists as well.  Southern slaveholders feared that the revolt might spread from the island of Hispaniola to the slave plantations of the Southern United States.  The primary goal of the US was to maintain social order in the country, so the United States attempted to suppress the Haitian Revolution.  The US even went as far as to refuse acknowledgement of Haitian independence until 1862, which was during the heat of the North American civil war; coincidentally the main causal factor for the war between the states was slavery.  The second major impact that the Haitian Revolution had on the United States was on early foreign relations and trade that had been conducted with Haiti.  The United States had conducted trade and commerce with the Haitian island under French rule during the eighteenth century.  Haiti was the main producer of the United States supply of sugar and coffee, and once the Haitian slave population had broken from slavery, the US was reluctant to continue trade with them in fear that they would upset the French and the Southern slaveholders.  American merchants conducted a substantial trade with the plantations on Hispaniola (aka the French colony of Saint Domingue or Haiti).  But there were anti-slavery advocates in northern cities who believed that consistency with the principles of the American Revolution — life, liberty and equality for all—demanded that the U.S. support the slave insurgents.  An extremely beneficial aspect and real estate triumph that resulted from the Haitian Revolution and impacted the United States was the Louisiana Purchase.  Once Napoleon had lost his control of the land holding in the Caribbean to the Haitian rebellion, he felt that the French territory in the southern part of the United States was useless to the French Empire.  The US was only interested in the New Orleans area; however, the revolution enabled the sale of the entire territory west of the Mississippi River for around $15 million.  This purchase more than doubled the United States’ territory.