William Parkhurst Winans: William Parkhurst Winans (January 28, 1836–1917) was crucial for the development of parts of Eastern Washington, particularly Stevens County, Walla Walla, and Fort Colville.  He founded Farmer’s Savings Bank, and was the president until he died in 1917.  He was also a member of the board of directors of First National Bank.  In addition to his involvement with the bank system, Winans was a clerk in several locations throughout the region, and so is personally responsible for the majority of the records of the Colville Indians and others in the region, as well as the records of the financial dealings in the late 19th century and the early 20th century.  Winans played an important role in keeping records of Indians because he was named Industrial Instructor for Indians in 1869 and Superintendent of Indian Affairs in 1870.  In addition to those offices, Winans took multiple censuses of Indian populations, including the Okanagans, Calispels, San Poils, Nespelems, Senijexsees, Wenatchees, Isle d'Pierres, Mishouies, Spokanes, and the Swielpees.  He was a historian himself, and wrote several histories of the region, including a book, Stevens County, Washington, its creation, addition, subtraction and division.  Several of his works were given to institutions such as Harvard University and Washington State University.  Eastern Washington, particularly Stevens County and Walla Walla, would not be the same if William Parkhurst Winans had not been there with his business and record-keeping skills.  As the Old Walla Walla County, Washington records, “No history of Walla Walla would be complete without extended reference to William Parkhurst Winans, who was an octogenarian at the time of his demise.  He had long been identified with the northwest, and his life was one of great usefulness and activity.”  By the end of his life, Winans was an essential part of the Walla Walla community due to his hard work and involvement in the fields of business, education, Indian affairs, and the church.