William Diaper: William Diaper (1685–1717) was an English poet of the Augustan era.  Little is known about his life.  He was born in Bridgwater, Somerset and attended Balliol College, Oxford as a pauper, where he took his BA in 1702.  In 1709 he was ordained a deacon at Wells and became a curate in the parish of Brent, which he describes in disparaging terms in a poem of the same name, calling it "nature's gaol".  By 1712, he had made contacts in the London literary world and become a protégé of Jonathan Swift, who refers to the poet several times in his "Journal to Stella".  In March 1712, Swift writes:Here is a young fellow has writ some Sea Eclogues, poems of Mermen, resembling pastorals of shepherds, and they are very pretty, and the thought is new.  Mermen are he-mermaids; Tritons, natives of the sea.  Do you understand me?  I think to recommend him to our Society to-morrow.  His name is Diaper.  P— on him, I must do something for him, and get him out of the way.  I hate to have any new wits rise, but when they do rise I would encourage them; but they tread on our heels and thrust us off the stage.In December 1712, he continued his account of Diaper's progress:This morning I presented one Diaper, a poet, to Lord Bolingbroke, with a new poem, which is a very good one; and I am to give him a sum of money from my lord; and I have contrived to make a parson of him, for he is half one already, being in deacon’s orders, and serves a small cure in the country; but has a sword at his a—— here in town. ’ Tis a poor little short wretch, but will do best in a gown, and we will make Lord Keeper give him a living.In another letter, Swift refers to Diaper's being ill:I was to see a poor poet, one Mr. Diaper, in a nasty garret, very sick.  I gave him twenty guineas from Lord Bolingbroke, and disposed the other sixty to two other authors, and desired a friend to receive the hundred pounds for poor Harrison, and will carry it to him to-morrow morning.  I sent to see how he did, and he is extremely ill; and I very much afflicted for him, for he is my own creature, and in a very honourable post, and very worthy of it.  I dined in the City.  I am in much concern for this poor lad.  His mother and sister attend him, and he wants nothing.