Yalecrest: Yalecrest is a residential neighborhood located on the East Bench of Salt Lake City and is known for the architectural variety and rare collection of turn-of-the-century homes – all within a six block radius bordered by the South Side of Sunnyside Avenue, North Side of 1300 South, East Side of 1300 East and West Side of 1900 East.  Yalecrest is commonly referred to as the renowned “Harvard-Yale area” and many streets are named after Ivy League or major U.S. universities.  It is a remarkably visually cohesive area with uniform setbacks, historic houses of the same era with comparable massing and landscaping, as well as streets lined with mature shade trees, and a surprising level of contributing structures that retain their historic integrity.  Yalecrest contains 1,487 homes that were built in the early 20th century starting as early as 1912 with the vast majority (74%) built during the period of 1920-1940.  The remaining homes in the Eastern Most part of the neighborhood were built during the post war boom.  Yalecrest has the largest concentration of period revival English Cottages, English Tudors, French Norman and Spanish Colonial homes anywhere in Utah.  These houses exhibit a variety of period revival styles with the largest portion being English Tudor and English Cottage.  According to the Salt Lake City Planning Department, the architectural variety and concentration of period cottages found in Yalecrest are “unrivalled in the state.”  Examples from Yalecrest are used to illustrate period revival cottages styles in the only statewide architectural style manual.  There are 22 subdivisions which were platted and built by the prominent architects and developers of the day responsible for early 20th Century east side Salt Lake City development.  .  Yalecrest has been on the National Register of Historic Places since November 8, 2007.  One home in the neighborhood, the George Albert Smith home at 1302 Yale Avenue, is listed on the National Register since 1993.